Have you ever heard the saying that something would cost you "an arm and a leg"? These cables cost that, your first son, and bidding rights to your estate. Don't get me wrong- Monster makes great cables. Let there be no confusion on this point. But they're just incredibly expensive, and this is made much worse with these cables.

Several people have pointed out that the digital signal on HDMI cables must adhere to error-correction and certain standards (even a $10 cable cable must meet some specifications to even reach production)- and this is largely true. Unless BluRay implements new features that require new cables at some point in the future, there's really very little difference between HDMI cables. Yes, the gold-plated pins and other features will improve your connection a bit, but the improvement will be far less than you'd see between any other "cheap" versus "designer" cables on the market.

But Monster cables really are made to a standard that makes some difference, and that's worth mentioning. This cable is built sturdy, so that none but the most harsh of treatment could ever damage it. And the shielding isn't just the usual electrical shielding- Monster cables are toughened to the point that I wouldn't doubt if they're certified against nuclear fallout. If you have the money to blow and you want the confidence of knowing that your entertainment center could fare well in an EMP strike, you're looking at the right cables.

But for nearly all consumers, these cables cost 4x as much as alternatives, with no real plusses. At the very least, you can pick up a mid-grade cable (Sony, etc) at a mid-grade price ($40) to get the increased sturdiness and the gold-plated connections. And over these products, the Monster cables basically have nothing at all except their branding. Please do look up a cheaper alternative this time, and spend some of the extra money on an extra set of whatever tools you use to keep your screen clean. You'll get much better results with these tools than you will worrying about $100 HDMI cables
