The DVD burner connected very easily through USB, was immediately recognized by WinXP, the software installation was fine. I was beginning to feel good. However, whenever I burned a DVD (I tried 4 different brands, some R, some RW etc...), several files would contain errors, and would be completely unreadable. The burning process moreover does not detect this: one needs to verify the data written to check and find these errors. Moreover, the firmware update just does not work on my machine, pardon, machineS. Completely standard Dell machines, all latest WinXP and drivers, good CPUs (3Ghz and up), lots of memory, big hard-drives. I called customer service to try to solve the problem. First of all the average waiting time to get to a technician was about 30 minutes. The rudeness and the plain lies these guys give you are amazing. To make a long story short, I had to call 3 times. First guy: oh, "of course it doesn't work, you have EasyCD creator installed!". Ok, I buy it, I go through the (painful) uninstallation process of Roxio's software. No problems solved. Second guy: "Oh, of course it does not work, it requires 10Gb of free hard-drive space! It's written on the box". Plain lie: on the box it says you need 10Gb for NeroVision (for burning videos), but only 1Gb for Nero. Quarrel (they are tough!) with the guy who could not care less about the fact I got him lying, or that the product description is wrong. Ok, patiently I freed up 10Gb from hard drive, try again, exactly same problem. The only thing they could offer in the end was a replacement. I got perhaps relative lucky because the replacement will be a 720, not a 710, since 710 is not manufactured anymore (wonder why?). Notice I tried this on two different machines (one laptop and one desktop), with identical results.
Other lie: I noticed, as somebody else here, that the Nero software provided writes only on Sony drives: so if Nero is really the only software that should be installed because of conflicts with Roxio (et al.?), you will never be able to use your own CD drive to burn CDs. How ridicolous is that???? The technician said this is because I had both software(s) installed, but that was another lie.
The incompetence of these guys is beyond belief. If the new drive will not work, I hopefully will get a refund through my credit card. You know, the technician even said that that is not possible, credit cards companies do not do that (LOL)
