I purchased this for my Intel iMac mainly because I was so frustrated with the Mighty Mouse.  I wanted something with two separate buttons.  I had tried the Logitech MX 610 (which I purchased as well for another computer) and thought that the ergonomic shape felt wonderful.  So, I purchased this desktop set because I wanted it to match my Mac and so I could have a proper 2 button mouse.  I figured the Mac keyboard could use improvement as well so the keyboard could come in handy as well.  In fact, I thought I would get added convenience since this was a keyboard designed for a Mac and had extra shortcut buttons.

Other than having 2 separate buttons on the mouse, this keyboard/mouse combo has been an utter disappointment.

First of all, the white doesn't quite match.  It's close, but just a touch too cream.  Also, there's just too much silver.  Especially on the mouse.

Secondly, it doesn't have all the buttons the Mighty Mouse does.  There is no button to switch to the Widgets.  Luckily, you can press F12 on the keyboard.  Not quite as convenient, but still possible.  However, I have yet to find a button that allows you to switch between various open programs.  This is especially necessary if you have multiple web browsers open.

Thirdly, this mouse just doesn't work as well as other Logitechs.  It is too light, lacking the "feel" and a bit of the comforting weight that the MX 610 has when you move it around.  Also, the speed of the cursor is off.  No matter how I try to adjust the speed, it doesn't quite match the speed of the original Mighty Mouse.  It is either too fast or too slow.  I think part of it is simply OSX's lack of adjustability compared to [gasp] Windows for cursor speed.

Finally, the keyboard is simply atrocious.  I don't even use it anymore.  It's packed up in the box and I plugged the original Mac keyboard back in.  The keys make a horrendous clatter when typing.  The pressure is nonexistant making touch typing just a bit more difficult than normal.  Also, the depth is quite shallow.  This is a desktop keyboard.  You can press the key down further on nearly all the laptop keyboards I've tried.  Also, the texture of the keys is far too smooth and uniform.  The raised dots to help you find the F or J buttons is too shallow.  I can't find the asdf an jkl; rows by touch.  I have to look.  As a touch typist, this is an unforgiveable sin.  It basically transforms you from a touch typist to a hunt and peck typer who has to visually find each key before you can hit it.  I'm typing on a Thinkpad whose laptop keyboard is far superior to this Logitech.

So, in short, save your money and avoid this keyboard/mouse combo.  I rated it a two because the mouse did have 2 separate buttons, unlike the Mighty Mouse, which is why I purchased this in the first place.  It hit my most basic requirement.  Otherwise, it really deserves a 1 star rating
