From cellphone and also the pager era I began my love affair with Motorola.  Don't need to read much farther into my review to get to the meat of it.  Sometimes companies make a lousy product even though they have others that are great!  Don't Buy These!  They fall into the former category  

I needed them quickly (to give my in-laws time to practice using them before we went on a cruise) so when I went to their house for the weekend I bought them from the hated "Best Buy".  I am returning all 4! (2 sets of 2 handsets).  Here was my experience:

I went in and saw the Midland and the Cobra along side the Motorola.  Not knowing much of Midland, but recognizing Cobra from their history with low-end phones and electronics, I opted with the very stylish Motorola T6500R's.  I know.  Big Mistake!  I am a computer programmer and very intelligent, but when confronted with products I do not undestand, I go for the brand name.  Which is something that can be forgiven if, as now, you find out what the problem is and correct it.

I took them home and recharged them.  First things first:  The feel in your hand.  EXCELLENT.  They feel as good as they look.  I purchased these to go on a cruise to the Mexican Riviera and to maintain contact both on the boat and in the ports: Puerto Vallarta, Mazatlan and Cabo san Lucas.  We wanted to make sure we did not "lose" my in-laws (really!  I mean it!  No, really ....) 

Anyway. Charged them up and turned them on. They come with a plastic-encased group of 3 AA rechargable batteries that fit nicely (and only one way--they are keyed) in the dual-purpose battery compartment.  This is nice: if you are out and running around and your charge goes down, simply buy 3 AA alkaline batteries and go on your way.  There is no problem if you forget you have the NORMAL NON-RECHARGABLE AA batteries in the case if you put it in the charging stand.  Unlike other units, the physical metal conductors to charge the battery pack are actually built into the pack, not the handset.  If you put it batteries, the charger makes no connection to the handset. If you put in the rechargable battery pack, 2 silver contacts from the battery pack  contact the charging stand and VOILA the unit charges.  Fitting the handset into the recharger is a nightmare, though!  It must be generic and able to fit several different Motorola products (production outsourced to Giant Int'l Ltd--so if you thought this was a genuine Motorola built item, you are mistaken.  The entire Talkabout line are outsourced for production) as the dual-compartment charger has 2 inserts in each compartment and no indication of which one to use for the T6500R's.  I am a smart person though so I chose the one that looked like it best fit and inserted it.  Then I attempted to insert the T6500R's.  I say attempted because the bottom of the handset is rounded and thus does not seat well in any direction.  After you get it to EXACTLY the right position (look on the charger to watch for the LED to light up) the the hard part (of charging, that is) is over.

Next item: Bad red LCD backed screen.  Hard to read in ANY light and impossible in the sunlight.  Settings were easy enough.  Channel, sub-channel, vibrate, NOAA broadcasts, etc.  However, the advertised QT (ensures no one can talk through your handset unless they are using a compatible Motorola handset) does not work unless you hit the PTT (push to talk) button (or the CALL button), wait about 3 seconds and begin speaking.  My in-laws are new to technology and are used to experiencing walkie-talkies when their kids were young.  Therefore this is unusual.  They automatically want to push the button and talk.  So, the first part of what they say is immediately lost. 

I say "first part".  I am assuming I actually caught a portion of what they said.  This brings me to the second major flaw.  This unit contains a HORRIBLE speaker.  If the volume is too low then you can't hear it.  Too high and it is garbled beyond your ability to understand it.  We were really hard-pressed to find a happy medium.  AND, in a noisy room, it would've been impossible to hear anything.

Some merchants list these as 5 mile radios.  The packaging says 10.  The 1 watt GMRS suggests about 5-10.  We got less than 1.  Directly over a lake. In vehicles on the I-5, we drove less than 2 miles from their house  (which is DIRECTLY ON the interstate) and got no signal.  

I got back to my house in San Jose (on top of Communications Hill...the largest "hill" in the area) and could not communicate to my spouse less than 1/2 mile away while he was coming up our road!

Since the weekend, I have spent all my extra time on Amazon.com and Consumer Reports reviewing all the offerings.  (the latter, Consumer Reports' reviews are from July in 2002!) So, I think I am going to return these and purchase the Midland 5 watt GXT500's from Amazon.  Remember, doubling the wattage (in this case MORE than doubling) does not give double the signal.  As another others have stated, increasing wattage increases only another portion of the distance--ie: 2 watts to 4 watts does NOT double the distance the signal can reach.)

Hope this reveiw helps you
