I purchased this unit not for gaming, but for making PC to PC calls.  Here are my observations:

Pros:  
1. Sound quality of the microphone on the receiving end is reported by my friends and family as exceptionally clear.  Certainly much better than what you'd get out of a webcam.
2. Chord is robust and long.  Easily fits over my long desk to my CPU that rests beneath.
3. Controls are easy to use, although the mic on/off switch doesn't click into place like I'd expect it to.  It just slides back and forth.  I can see people accidentally turning it off.
4. Headphones produce good sound, although nothing extraordinary.
5. The mic itself freely rotates, so you can position it however you desire.

Cons:
1. First and foremost, if you've got a small head DO NOT PURCHASE THIS!!  My head is not big and these headphones ARE NOT ADJUSTABLE!  These headphones are so large that they're actually uncomfortable.  Their entire weight rests on my ears and I can't wear them for very long without my ears falling off.

2.  These headphones are very heavy, uncomfortably so.  I've resorted to holding them up to my head and listening through one speaker to take the weight off my ears.

3.  Perhaps having the airspace between the speakers and the frame keeps your ears cooler, but it still feels like I'm wearing a set of insulated ear muffs.  Chatting on hot summer days is limited to 10 minutes or less until I'm dying of heat exhaustion.

4. You need to get a Y splitter if you wish to have these headphones and your computer speakers on at the same time. If you don't have front headphone plugs on your case this is an issue.  Otherwise you have to crawl under your desk and manually disconnect the headset from your motherboard jacks and plug in your speakers again.  Y splitters are only a few dollars but it's an accessory you will have to purchase, especially since front speaker ports on most computers can't be hooked up at the same time as your rear motherboard jack (and most people have their main sound systems plugged in with the rear one). Granted, this is more of a general microphone/headset combo issue than anything Logitek related, but if this is your first microphone/headset purchase then you should be aware of this problem.  I use onboard audio instead of a sound card, so I don't have multiple output jacks.

5. These headphones are designed to rest behind your neck, not over the top of your head.  Unfortunately, the plastic beam is too heavy and pulls the speakers back, placing all the weight on your ears.  The plastic beam is also too short (and just!) to go over the top of my head for a more comfortable fit.
  
6. The design also doesn't make sense.  The beam is so short that it should rest behind your neck, yet the angle of the speakers through that air gap is better for wearing the beam over your head.  It's pretty uncomfortable.  If the headset was adjustable it would be fine!  The earpieces are just too huge!

Overall I'm disappointed with these.  If you're under 5'10" I say go with another model.  The hardware works great, but the design is terrible.  I'm returning these and purchasing an uglier, but more functional, set of smaller headphones
