Run WinXP, sp2 with everything updated.  I've had this router for 6 months.  It is the WGT624v3, firmware updated.  I never realized how bad the wireless was on this router until this week - dropped connetion 3 times in 15 minutes today alone, while reading the Amazon.com reviews.  
My desktop PC's  graphics card went down this past week and I had to RMA it... so about 10 days to send out and get a return.  I have always used a wired connection for my home desktops.  The wireless access was a 'it's there if I need it' novelty.  I started brining my IBM R51 laptop home from work so I could get online, VPN into work, etc..  This is the first time I have used my wireless consistently for more than a hour or so.
The last 10 days have been rediculous to say the least.  I logged on my first day and lost connection 5-6 times browsing MSN and Yahoo.  At first I thought it might be channel interference since 2 other routers in range were using channel 11.  I went ahead and disabled the 108G feature since I had never come close to hitting that speed anyways, and changed the channel..  I used the IBM ThinkVantage software to scan my area for other wireless routers and picked a channel not being used.  I changed channels and I verified my signal strength before and after I changed, 95% signal strength. The connection is still getting dropped randomly.  Changed channel to another channel not being used in my area and verified signal strength.  No difference.  Scanned the networks again using the IBM ThinkVantage software.. theres my router, 97% signal strength @ 54Mbs.  unplugged router, modem, repaired my WINSOCKS with WinsockXP, rebooted PC.  I turned on my modem first until is was ready to go, then the router until it was ready, and then my PC (as per the netgear website)and yea, no difference in the connections stability.  The conection is still getting dropped randomly.  
I might expect this from a router thats on all the time and is getting tired from constantly being hammered. But I hardly ever used the wireless access (yes, wireless radio has been OFF).  After reading these reviews, I am pretty sure the problem wont go away.  
The part that upsets me the most, I payed premium money for a product that I thought was premium.  If this had been priced (at the time) at bargain bin prices, I wouldn't of cared.. but it wasn't and i do.  The 'you get what you pay for' saying does not hold true for this product. 
Buyer Beware
