I purchased this in the hope that I would be able to record verbal messages to myself, creative thoughts and ideas, etc. It does an adequate job of that. I had also hoped I could use it as a simple player, to download affirmations and such to listen to throughout the day. This it won't do, and it was not clear to me from the information here and on the Olympus site that it would not function this way.

 First, even though it records wav files, it does not let you handle them well at all. To transfer recordings to your computer, you have to install special software (included), but you cannot transfer wav files back to the recorder (according to the software guide). If you want a recorder/player to function easily like that, you should go for the more expensive ones that allow you to use them as a USB flash drive (like the Creative Zen series). I did not install the software, as it offered nothing other than the simple transfer of a recording to my computer. I can record directly to the PC with much higher quality, so why bother? Noise recorded in a high quality format is still noise. It makes more sense to simply repeat anything I record on the Olympus and record it directly to the PC.

Second, the sound quality is not great. Given that wav files are what are used on CDs, one would expect more than what this device delivers. It is noisy on either of the mic settings, and I would have to describe the sound quality as medium. Don't expect high fidelity. This is a voice recorder for recording quick notes and not much else. Even analog tape would be better for most things. I may be fussier than most about this, having some professional background in audio, so the sound quality may be okay for most people. People have gotten used to lower standards in just about everything.

Finally, playback was very disappointing to me. It has only the simplest playback features. It plays, pauses, fast forwards, and reverses, period. You cannot repeat either a single recording or portion of one, and you cannot create any kind of list to specify only certain files to play. It plays (manually) one recording at a time and that is it. You cannot set markers to fast forward or reverse to (like chapters on a DVD), and searching through a recording of any length is a major pain. In fact, this recorder is defined more by what it cannot do than what it can do. It is well built physically, although it is definitely designed for small hands, and can be a bit uncomfortable to use if your hands aren't small.

If all you want is to record medium quality voice, this will work fine. Don't expect it to record music or anything like that - you will be disappointed. Think of it as the audio version of a $20 digital camera. Cheap, quick, grabs the image, but no frills at all. Don't expect much and you won't be disappointed. 

I am usually very happy with Olympus gear, but this is definitely below their usual standard. Unless your needs are very spartan and smple, I would recommend looking at more capable devices
