I had Vonage since April, 2006.  I finally switched back to Qwest after unending problems and hours and hours on the phone (my cell phone, as my Vonage line didn't work) with tech support.  Here is my experience:

1) It took about 2 months and about 2 hours on the phone for them to switch my existing phone # over to Vonage.  Don't be too excited about getting the first month free- if your moving an existing number it will take about that long to get it switched over.

2) After my number was finally switched over, outgoing calls were constantly being dropped after about 20-30 seconds.  Incoming calls would also be dropped occasionally after about a minute.  This resulted in having to call the person back, saying "sorry the call was dropped- we switched to this cheaper phone service and have been having problems...."
This is with the highest speed cable internet service available (8mbps download, 600kbps upload) and a wireless 'g' system which has provided top notch internet service consistently while I had Vonage problems.  I spent no less than 4 - 5 calls and over 5 hours on the phone with tech support trying to fix the problem.  After talking with tech support, sometimes the problem would be fixed temporarily- while I was on the phone with them- but return shortly thereafter.

3) As a result of the problems I had, I asked to be credited for the months in which my phone service was not working.  Be warned, they are very hard-nosed about providing any credits for poor or no service.  I spoke to a tech support person about getting a credit for a month of no service, and he told me to wait until the problem had been fixed so they could determine how much credit should be given.  After the problem had been fixed (temporarily), I called back and they told me they could only provide credit for the current month, not previous months of no or poor service.  THEY ARE NOT CUSTOMER FRIENDLY ABOUT PROVIDING REFUNDS FOR POOR OR NO SERVICE.

4) Finally, in September, still with dropped calls from Vonage, I switched back to Qwest to get reliable phone service.  I found customer service there has improved and is much better than Vonage.  And they gave me 3 months free promotion for coming back.  

In the end, I am happy to pay the extra $10/month (after the first 3 months free) to get phone service that works.  I notice that $5 of the extra cost is for fees, etc. that the phone company has to charge but Vonage does not, which is unfortunate.  In any case, I guess you get what you pay for.

One last thing: Vonage has never made a profit and many business analysts say with their current business plan, they never will.  This means eventually they will either go out of business, or have to raise rates.

Save yourself the problems I had- pay the extra $ to get phone service that works
