I have been a DVR user through Cox Cable for approx. 1 yr, and have always been disappointed.  I have kept my eye on Tivo for some time, and when my DVR box went out for the 2nd time, I decided it was time to try Tivo.  I got a refurbished Series2 DVR that was free for signing a 1 yr commitment for $12.95 per month. 

I received the Tivo only 2 days after I ordered, very impressive since I didn't pay to have it shipped that quickly.  The setup was reasonably straight forward.  I had heard so much about Tivo that I had very high expectations, and here are the problems I encountered that surprised me:

1)  My first mistake was not recognizing that you have to get a Dual tuner unit to be able to record 2 seperate programs (DVR does this automatically).  So I ordered the wrong unit.  To be honest, I don't see how this service is very useful at all with only a single tuner, my family relies on dual tuners A LOT.  I am shocked that Tivo even offers a single tuner system, to me it's like a tricycle compared to a 10 speed, a dual tuner is so much more useful.  

2)  I thought I would be able to hook up a wireless receiver to connect to my home network.  No, you have to buy theirs for $40 to $50.  Since I didn't know that, I had to rely on the phone line option.  This really stinks, it is very very very slow.  I spent 2 hrs trying to download one days programming, the system kept getting interuppted during download (yes I disabled call waiting).  

3)  When you use the online program guide, it covers up the entire screen.  My Cox DVR puts the TV in upper right corner (approx. 1/4) asnd the rest of the screen lets you see the guide.  We use this all of the time to see if there is anything better on, but that won't work so well with Tivo.  Plus, scrolling up and down is painfully slow, the screen takes for ever to refresh.

4)  Similarly to item 3 above, when you review recorded programs the show you are watching is turned off completely, you can only see the Tivo guide.  Again, Cox DVR lets me look at my list and delete files etc.. all while my TV program stays visible in the upper right corner.  

5)  Remote wouldn't work with my 42" Akai plasma.  I can't fault Tivo too much on this one, none of the universal remotes seem to work with this TV for some reason.  


I did love some of the Tivo features and wish my Cox DVR had them:
1)  Wishlist
2)  Tivo Suggestions
3)  Can access your Tivo through internet
4)  View photo's through Tivo.

In the end my items # 3 and 4 were things I just couldn't get past, so I returned my Tivo.  They were friendly and helpful and I really wanted to like this product, but in my opinion it's not able to compete with the speed and power of the Cable companies DVR. 
