I commute via public transportation, the majority of that on a noisy train. Earbuds and over ear headphones don't block out enough of the noise to enjoy the music. I received these Philips HN110 headphones as a gift. 

When I first got these I was pretty disappointed at how flimsy they appeared. I have some KOSS over ear head phones which are nice and beefy. These are scrawny but on the other hand take up less space. They use a single AAA batt. Using them on the train I was able to turn down the volume on my music player a tad but a lot of the noise still gets through. I'm not an expert on these but I guess this noise cancelling works mainly on lower frequencies. Alot of the noise on the train is higher in pitch and thus gets through. The next thing I noticed was that with a cord coming out of both the left and right earphone you are limited in how you can put these on and take them off. My KOSS and Sony headphones and earbuds use the single cord to one phone and the connecting cord from there (or it runs through the headphone band). I realize I like this single cord feature very much. Again these Philips HN 110 don't have this. 

I also noticed that when the Noise Cancelling is turned on and the wind is blowing you can hear the wind as if it were amplified. 

After about a month and a half the battery compartment door latch broke inside. Now I can't open the battery compartment without doing some damage to these headphones. I checked Philips website for info on these phones but I couldn't find any. I called their customer support and they told me I had to call a different #. I called the different number and got the Return Merchandise Authorization # but was told I need to send the receipt in. I got them as a gift so I don't have the receipt. 

In summary, their noise cancelling ability is pretty week. Better than my hefty non-noise cancelling KOSS over ears or my stethascope like Sony ear buds but only by about 10% or so (just to put a number in their). Flimsy design. Cords from both earphones. Hear the wind amplified. Battery compartment latch broke after a month and a half and their warrenty sucks
