This review is more about my several month's experience with XM satellite radio and the not-so-good quality using the wireless FM frequencies through our car's radios. I live in Los Angeles.

I got this little Roady XT for me, and the XM2GO radio receiver for my wife. I was excited about getting these new satellite receivers in our cars. The Idea of having all these "no ads" radio stations playing through my car's FM frequency seemed cool. 
    Setting up the unit and getting it to work was easy. Changing FM frequencies for the wireless transmitter is easy as well. It really is a neat little receiver. 

However, after setting up this unit in my car and the XM2GO in my wife's car, I was really disappointed in the music sound quality. The music sounds flat and with a hissy quality, almost monaural at times, and the volume seems a lot lower than the car's radio at the same volume setting. I had to turn the volume dial up quite a bit when playing satellite radio. The car's regular radio sounds much better than satellite radio if using wireless reception with any of the radio receivers, IMO. Besides, there are plenty of annoying ads and interruptions on XM radio as someone mentioned in another review.
    
I thought about having the units professionally installed so that my wife and I wouldn't have to use the poor sounding wireless FM technology, but realized that both family cars have very expensive navigation systems and I didn't want the vehicle's factory warranty voided if some installer got inside our car's dash and accidentally messed something up.

So about two month's ago, after several months of off-and-on use of XM radio service, I called to cancel my subscriptions. I had paid for a six month subscription for both receivers when I joined. As I expected would happen, when I called them to cancel, I was on the phone for allloooooonnnng time waiting for a customer service rep. Finally, I got to tell the rep all my relevant account information so I could cancel the service only to be put on hold and transferred to their "special" customer service department for cancellations where I was "accidentally" disconnected and had to call back and start all over again.

Finally, after another long call to them, I was able to cancel my service.....or, so I thought. Yesterday, I was looking at my September credit card bill and saw that XM radio had charged my credit card for the next six months despite the fact that they assured me that my two accounts would be closed. 

I called my bank and had them reverse the charges and I may have the bank issue me a new credit card with different numbers in case XM tries to charge me again six months from now.
