Isolation:
I had to use the foam inserts because the plastic ones were a little too large for my ears. With the foam, it completely sealed my ear canal and blocked out most noise.  My commute home on the J train (light-rail) was quite silent.  I was listening to classical music for the first time on the train.  With earbuds, I had to put the volume level around 50%.  With the Sony MDR-EX71 model, I could to keep it around 40%.  The noise attenuation wasn't that good with the Sony model, but definitely better than earbuds (but the sound quality was quite terrible though.)


Sound Quality:
Superb sound.  The partnership with Etymotic Research is evident.  Everything sounded great:  rock, grunge, classical.  The Sonys sounded really muddy while these had a really bright sound with good bass (when the seal was good).  Very balanced sound.

Cord/Construction:
I string my earphones through an REI One jacket, so this was more or less perfect length.  The cord is symmetric so it's not weirdly strung behind your neck like the Sonys, and the connection to the ear pieces is solid, not fragile-looking like the ER6.  The earphones connect to the replaceable eartips very tightly.  The included case is ridiculous though; it's way too bulky for portability.

Comfort/Fit:
Sadly, this is primary reason I'm returning these.  Both the flanged rubber tips and the included foam tips were too big.  The foam models got the seal, but they were too big, so I felt an uncomfortable amount of pressure in my ear canals.  Those were my only two options with the included package.  The other problem is that I cannot find replacements that are smaller, anywhere on the web, including the Altec Lansing site.

Documentation:
Another reason I am returning these is the documentation.  The manual says that I can get replacement ear tips and accessories at alteclansing.com/inmotionearphones, and I get a 404 error when I visit the link.  That is pretty pathetic.

Update:  (1/19/2006)I emailed Altec Lansing regarding this issue on 1/10/2006, and I have yet to get a response from them.

Bottom Line:
If you have large ears, these may suit you.  But if you know that you have smaller ears, then stay away from these, and go for something else
