The ONLY reason i bought this unit when I saw it in the store was for the iPod controller feature.  I really looked forward to being able to control my iPod from the deck and hiding my ipod in my dash completely out of sight.  Boy was I disappointed!  The iPod adpater works and all... but barely.  It takes FOREVER to scroll through the songs, artists or albums.  Why the hell would Alpine put out a product that has an inferior scrolling mechanism and then lock you out of the iPod so you can't even select songs from the iPod itself?  I have over 3000 songs on my iPod... by the time I scroll to the song I want I've already reached my destination... and that's if I even find the song at all!  So now what I have to do is unplug my iPod, scroll to the song I want, then plug it back in. (Luckily the reciever continues to play whatever song was already playing when you plug your iPod in.)  But again... that defeats the whole point of having the controls built into the deck.  Bottom line, the iPod control feature flat SUCKS.  The deck features a "quick search" function... but it is uselss... it isn't used to search through artsts or albums... only individual songs and there's no way to skip 10, 20, 30 or 100 songs at a time... only 1 by 1... What's "quick" about that?   I have 3000 songs and hundreds of artists and albums and Alpine thinks I'm supposed to go through them 1 by 1???? Another annoying thing about this unit is that when you skip through songs while the iPod is playing, the display just says "song up" or "song down" instead of just showing the name of the damn song!  Who thought of that?  What possible help could "song up" be to anyone? Just show the name of the song while I'm skipping through... that makes more sense right?  There are a bunch of other problems I have with the practicalness of this unit when used with the iPod adapter and iPod... but the sound quality is great which is the most important thing... but then again... who cares if the sound is great when it takes you all day to find the song you want to listen to
