   My company car has a built-in GPS unit and I have gotten to like it, sort-of.  I have gotten lost in a rental car trolling around Silicon Valley enough to get a portable GPS unit.  After some research, the Garmin iQue 3600 is what I ended up with and I paid about $700.  The unique feature of this portable GPS unit is that a PalmPilot comes integrated into the package.   I use a PalmPilot, so this GPS unit replaces my PalmV.    Installation was quite awkward, and getting it up and running was a chore.   I got the thing synced up and some maps loaded and have been using it for several months now.  It does do the job, fitfully, and has several glaring issues.  Most irritating, the Palm function and the GPS function are not seamlessly integrated.  If an address is entered in the Palm part and then route to this address is selected, the iQue 3600 makes you find the location.  But the address from the Palm section doesn't transfer cleanly into the find section and you must retype the address.  I'm left-handed and graffiti has NEVER worked for me all my letters are drawn backward.  The GPS can be engaged as soon as it recognizes where you want to go, but my unit takes a good 5-10 minutes to find the satellites when first exposed to sky.   This means that I must have a good idea what to do for the first 5-10 minutes.  Sometimes I just drive randomly until the GPS locks in and starts to issue navigation orders.  Also, the antenna must be deployed to get any GPS reception and must be forward enough in the windshield to see sky.  This is OK, except that the iQue 3600 doesn't tell you that the antenna has not been deployed.  
   The iQue 3600 does not work propped up on the passenger seat so a 5 pound holder is necessary to hold the unit on the dashboard.  If the antenna is not deployed, the iQue 3600 simply doesn't navigate and doesn't tell you why.  Worse, it acts stupid by going into a dangerous and unhelpful simulate mode.  If I ever figure out what that means, Ill tell you in a future post.  I figured out the antenna problem the hard way in an ice storm outside of Ottawa.  I'm a fan of GUI design, and I must say that the UI here is very, very bad.  Not the worse I have ever seen, but very bad:  non-intuitive, inconsistent, and arbitrary.  The FIND function/button has an entirely different function in the GPS section from the Palm section.  Of course, the same icon is used.  I cannot imagine grandma using this thing to navigate.  What little there is of the very pretty documentation is atrocious.  About 10 times more information is needed here.  It shuts down randomly on occasion for no apparent purpose (Battery savings maybe?).
   The secure digital card is too small (max of 256MB), so you can't put more than a few California counties in the memory.  Maps storage is managed with a rather hostile GUI.  This is not fatal, but is irritating.  I would rather put a 1GB SD card in the iQue 3600 and be done with it.
   The iQue 3600 burns too much power to be used as a portable, so it must always be tethered to the car or resting in the cradle.  I don't find the power issue to be a problem.  I understand that to get clear, bright screens it is necessary to use power.  I agree with the tradeoff here.
