I have had this TV for less than 90 days and bulb has burned out, I called Samsung support and the bulb is covered by warranty.  They said they would send my phone number to service center and they would contact me in no more than 72 hours.  72 hours later still no call, I again called Samsung and they said they would contact the service center again and I would be called in 24 hours, still no call.  This was repeated 5 times and each time I asked to be referred to another center but was told none existed in my area.

Fianlly after 6 calls, Samsung referred me to another center.  I then called them and they sent up an appointment 3 days later.  Day of appointment technician called and told me from the problem I described when I made the appointment I needed a new bulb (duh) and he had ordered one this morning and would call to make another appointment once they received the bulb. I specifically asked if they had the bulb in stock when I made the appointment.  Why they didn't order the bulb when they first set up the appointment, I don't know.  I called Samsung again and was told bulbs are usually shipped within a week of the order.  Neither the words usually or week improved my impression of their support. My fear is that when the technician comes out to change the bulb he will find another part he has to order and I am back on the Samsung support merry-go-round again. 

Now I realize that even though the set does (did) have a good picture etc, if you can't see it, it doesn't matter. I now have a very expensive paperweight. For me Samsung support has been a black hole and I have yet to see any results after two weeks and no hope in sight for the near future.  What happens after the warranty is over and I have to pay for a new bulb every three months?  If this sounds like I am not very happy with the situation that is the truth.  I am tired of Samsung and the service centers being sorry for the problems and delays but then telling me there is nothing they can do at this point.  I agree, you solve the problem by doing the right thing the first time or the second time or third time etc I am hoping maybe the eighth time is the charm with my Samsung experience.
