During the installation of the software on my PC running Windows 2000 Server, the installation program froze my PC completely. I had to turn off the PC, and now it does nothing when I turn it on. The lights on the front light up, but nothing happens at all. I called Netgear, waited on hold for 15 minutes, and then was connected to a gentleman whose English was not very good. I explained my problem about 5 times before he seemed to get it. He told me that the problem is that the product is not compatible with Win 2000 Server. I told him that I had never before encountered a piece of software that ran on 2000 Pro, but not 2000 Server (perhaps there are some), but he insisted that this was the case. I explained that, typically, installation programs that encounter and incompatible operating system would display a message to the user, and exit, rather than freezing and disabling the computer, but he held firm, and advised me that there was nothing he could do to help, and that he recommended that I contact my computer vendor so that they could restore my initial configuration. 

I went around and around with this fellow, then finally asked for his supervisor. After another 15 minutes on hold, another guy came on the line, who was pretty fluent in English. He explained his understanding of the situation, which was still wrong, and I explained the whole thing again to him. He had me turn the computer on and off, which of course I had already done several times, and check the monitor connection. After this analysis, he determined that the situation could not possibly have been the result of the frozen software installation that occurred just prior to it, and must be some other problem with my PC that had previously been working perfectly, that, coincidently, occurred at the exact same time as the software freeze. I expressed skepticism towards this explanation, and asked him if he would believe that if it was his PC. He said that absolutely he would, and reassured me that there was NO POSSIBLE WAY, (emphasis his) that his software could have caused these symptoms. 

Since I understood that it would be difficult for him to actually fix a computer in this state over the phone, I suggested that I could take it to a local technician, and send Netgear the bill for repairing my system. He declined that offer.

So, at the end of the day, I'm left with a dead PC, but, according to Netgear, a perfectly good wireless card and installation CD. 

No more Netgear for me, thank you!
