These are some great headphones with a few minor flaws:

Pros:
1. Great sound quality
2. Very comfortable
3. Light
4. Worry-free charging

Cons:
1. Achieving good wireless connection is not always easy, could require pressing the tune-in button several times
2. Interference noises could sneak into the broadcast
3. Turning them off could be annoying (requires precise timing)

My experience: I've had two pairs of these for over a year and I like them very much. I enjoy great sound watching TV or listening to music while everybody is asleep. This is really great, I can enjoy music at comfortable levels at any time of the day or night. The sound is much better and clearer than the sound produced by the speakers of the TV. You have the same clarity and volume even though you might be moving around the rooms away from the TV (closet or the garage for example). The headphones are light and very comfortable. I tried other brands and the aw771 were the most comfortable by far. So, overall wonderful product. However, there a few flaws to be aware of. Consider the following before buying. It might require several attempts before the unit tunes in at the right channel. Sometimes, turning the headphones ON results in poor reception if any at all. To correct this, you have to press the only button (power, search, and turn off) and wait until the unit picks the signal at the right channel. You might have to repeat this operation two or three times and it is a bit annoying. Once you get good reception, everything is ok although you might get some interference (alien noises) when you turn your head or move around. The last problem is with the turn off button (again the only multifunction button). You need to press and hold the button for a certain amount of seconds and release it in order to turn off the unit. That is not always easy and usually the unit comes back on. You think you turned it off but it is still on and if it's not in the charger base you drain the batteries completely. Well, I hope my description is helpful. 

Regardless of the flaws, I recommend the AW771. I use them every day and best of all I enjoy great sound when other people are asleep. 
