I work at a home office so I am on the phone lot.  I always buy cordless phones I can use with a headset so I can have both arms free while I talk with a min of background noise intrusion. In other words, I don't talk with the phone cradled between my shoulder and ear. And I don't use speaker phone features. Let's just get that out of the way now since those are things some have complained about that I couldn't care less about.

This phone first of all looks good and FEELS good. It was built with high quality plastics and metals on all surfaces. It has a nice solid weight to itself. Nothing tacky or cheap about it. It looks far better in person than it ever did in pictures. And it looks pretty good in pictures. I like how the bases are designed such that the antennas serve a double purpose as cradle supports for when the phone is docked. Clever design. The charging base light and back-lit buttons all look very slick.

The screen is attractive. A big step up from back-lit LCDs or no screen at all like my previous phone.

I like that you can very quickly find and hit Mute, adjust volume, and page through your caller history.

The belt clip goes deep so the phone stays snugly attached to you pocket when you are walking around.

I know many 5.8 GHz phones don't mention that only one direction of communication is at that frequency vs. both directions (as 2.4 GHz sometimes gets used too). I don't know for sure if this phone falls into that category, but I was in the market for a 5.8 GHz phone to avoid interference with my WiFi networks as well as to avoid microwave oven interference with my calls.  One thing's for sure: this phone definitely is immune from MY microwave oven. In the past when I was on a call heating up my coffee, static and voice quality went way down unless I got far away from the oven. With this new phone I can stand right by it while on High w/o ANY impact on voice quality.

One other very cool feature is the spare battery charger. While it's nice that the battery can replace a unit that runs down in a handset right away, the best part is if you have a power failure. Your phone will keep truckin' and there is never a need to replace that battery with some short lived 9volt waste of time.

Finally, I like how the phone by a bedside basically doubles as a digital clock. The phone base unit picks up the current time from the caller ID info provided by the phone company and uses that info to automatically set and broadcast the current time to all headsets and base station. No need to manually set the clock. And when not in use, sitting it is dock, the phone's screen displays the time.

So far I've found the voice quality to be best of any cordless phone I've owned
