I initially purchased this model then returned it in favor of the Sony SRF-M37V because of its five one-button pre-sets which make it a no-brainer to use while exercising.  However, the SRF-59, perhaps because of its analog tuning, suffers less from co-channel and adjacent channel interference on FM.  It's audio is slightly brighter and more musical with a decent pair of headphones or earbuds than its digitally tuned cousin.  With this in mind, I purchased another SRF-59 yesterday and spent all last evening listening to it.  I literally could not make myself shut it off and go to bed I was having so much fun scanning the FM dial.  There was a program which aired last night on a local channel which featured bass-heavy 12" remixes of eighties new wave hits with, blessfully, very limited commercial interruption.  Over the course of a three hour listening session, I gradually cranked up the volume.  As I was too lazy to fish out decent earbuds, it became apparent that with bass-heavy audio at very loud volumes the SRF-59's tiny amplifier was insufficient to drive stock Walkman style headphones and peak audio was clipped which simply necessitated turning the volume down a tad to restore full musicality (I understand that decent quality earbuds require less power to achieve the same level of high sound output, therefore there will be no audio clipping).  Nevertheless, the sound quality from this bargain-priced Walkman through less than ordinary headphones was astounding.  The party is literally in your head, and the soundstage ranges from ear to ear, which is somewhat disconcerting when it is located above your sinuses.  I also made one pass through the AM band and there the SRF-59 was no slouch either.  I hauled in 1200 WOAI San Antonio which is approximately 1000 miles from me.  Though no true DX machine, after all how could it be, it is at the least a competent performer on the AM band as well (I suspect early in the evening AM DXing conditions were as good as they have been in a long time).  For more on this model and others visit Xin Feng's website.  I highly recommend this model for cheap thrills!         
