Soundwise the Klipsch Promedia Ultra 5.1s were everything that they were supposed to be.  The bass is very powerful and can even be overpowering if not adjusted.  The sound is crystal clear and with a decent sound card all of the settings can be tweaked until perfection.  Setup was a breeze and no instructions are needed although they are provided just in case.

Something to note is the speaker wire that comes with the speakers is a little on the small size and thicker wires should be be purchased if you are picky about your sound.  The wires themselves are long enough and there shouldn't be any trouble reaching anywhere assuming you are putting these in a normal sized room.  One last thing to know is that there is no optical input for these speakers and only 1/8" plugs for hooking up the sound source.  If you want optical you're going to have to go elsewhere.

Please note that buying these speakers will not make up for having a mediocre sound card or poor music quality.  If you are using most types of on board sound or an ancient soundblaster card it is time to upgrade or else you are just throwing away your money.  Same goes for music quality, if you are listening to an mp3 that is below 128kbps the poor sound quality is because of the shoddy encoding, not the speakers.  If you can't spare the hard drive space for 192kbps its time to get a new hard drive.

Overall these speakers are a great deal.  While the price tag does seem a bit steep it is well worth the money for anyone that is serious about their music or movies.  For those of you who like to game these speakers will treat you good, however in my past experience a good set of headphones is better than a full blown sound system.  Lastly for those of you who like to play your music and bass full blast, don't bother spending the money.  These speakers should only be purchased by people who actually care about sound quality.  If you are more worried about loudness, do yourself a favor and buy some cheaper speakers, you won't even notice the difference
