Great sound quality; great signal quality.  I can hear everyone well, and the people on the other end of the call can also hear me well.  The main charging station is about 40 feet away at the opposite end of the house from my farthest charger, with a couple walls in between, and I have no problems with signal.

The handsets are smaller than I expected, but that's actually a bonus since I hadn't bought a new phone in a while and thought my old handset was too big and clunky.  The handsets are about 6 inches long not including the antenna part, 1 and 7/8 inches at the widest point by the display, and 1 and 1/8 inches thick at the thickest point.

Doesn't interfere with my wireless internet or any of my other electronics.  I've used the phone while sitting next to my laptop, while both I and the chargers were next to TV and stereos, and with my cell phone going at the same time - no interference.

The speakerphone part isn't that great - the person on the other end can hear other sounds in the room, plus they say it sounds like I'm speaking from a great distance away.  But I've never had a phone with a good speakerphone, so wasn't expecting that to work anyway.

Would have been great if they'd included a headset that goes with it since the handsets do have headset jacks.  I love the extra handsets that only need to be plugged into a power outlet - solved my lack of working jacks problem!!

The display lights up when it rings and when you press any of the keys.  The keys are not backlit.  The menus are fairly intuitive - if you've ever had a cell phone you can figure this out pretty easily.  It's very easy to send phone numbers that you've programmed into one handset to all the other handsets or only to a specific handset.

When I first hooked everything up, the phones got no dial tone, but the problem was with the phone cord that plugs into the phone jack in the wall.  For some reason, the cord they provided didn't work, so when I swapped it out with the cord I had, all the phones worked fine.

I'd buy these again and recommend to others to buy
