I've bought several of these cables and have been very happy with my purchase.  I've used them for hooking up my Gaming Systems, TV, Cable Box, and Receiver/DVD Player.  (Note: I had to buy a small 3 in 1 Fiber Optic Switch Box to handle all these cables -my Receiver and TV only had one digital audio connection each.)

I believe that these cables are the best name brand VALUES currently around for Fiber Optic Audio.

What do you REALLY get for a "high end" fiber optic cable that is triple the cost of this cable? I don't know.  I purchased one (which was "top of the line") and obscenely expensive, and of course it sounds great, but these cables sound great too.  Plus, these cables ARE Monster cables, AND they are THX certified!

What does THX certification mean? Below is a blurb taken directly from the THX website describing it:
---
"THX is on the forefront of entertainment technology, offering products and services of unparalleled quality for post-production, distribution and playback of audio and visual content. THX Certification is considered a mark of excellence in the presentation technology industry, offering consumers a promise that the cinemas they visit and the products they purchase have been evaluated and tested to meet the highest standards for picture and sound performance."

---
A digital signal is a digital signal.  This is fiber optic cable -it uses light to transmit the digital data -it doesn't degrade like analog based on the quality of the cable.  So these cables are NOT likely to give you a worse audio signal than more expensive cables, they just are going be a little less durable, and probably use slightly less high quality materials.  Are they fragile? Not at all, but the top of the line cable that I purchased was so thick that I probably could have stepped on it on cement and it would have been fine. This THX cable is thinner and I could imagine it breaking more easily.  If you work somewhere (like a studio) where there is a good chance of rolling things over the cables from time to time on a hard floor then you might have a good reason for a more durable cable.  (Same goes for cables that are going to be manhandled regularly -i.e. a lot of plugging/unplugging and bending of the ends).

Overall, I'm very happy with these cables and can I afford to buy a bunch for all the fiber optic audio connections I am now using (i.e. Receiver, TV, Cable Box, Xbox/Playstation/Gamecube)

(P.S. for first time users, don't forget to pull off the tiny plastic coverings on each end of the fiber optic cables.  These are there to protect the cable during transit/storage and will prevent the light from passing unless removed.  Throw these tips away; you'll never need them again.
