I had been storing my music on a 2GB card in my palm pilot. I was having a lot of trouble transferring the music, with many errors, not to mention how long it took to transfer. I finally decided to get an MP3 player. A friend kept telling me about the Sandisk Sanso. There were some great features, but the bad far, far outweighed the good. Too many of the same problems over and over, and many people returning them. 
I got my Apple iPod last night and have hardly put it down! I did a lot of research first and was hard pressesd to find negative feedback about this item. This thing is great! I was up till 3AM listening to my music. The sound quality is so much better than I had expected! 
I really like the case I got (Tuffwrap Accent by XtremeMac- Walmart and Radio Shack) because it is really tough rubber and all of the holes are in the right place for the new nano. The only thing is that the unit does not slide up into it completely because of the square corners of the nano. The case has more rounded corners in the top, so the nano does not line up just right in the case. It is good enough and you can still use the controls. It is only about a 1/4 of an inch at most. I am just picky about it lining up correctly so this is a bit annoying. But the case is still great as far as protection. 
I also bought the Belkin TuneBase FM transmitter for the car. It is similar to the Monster version. I did not like the Belkin version at all. I ended up going and getting the Monster FM transmitter at Radio Shack. It works great! I like the fact that my Ipod lays in the console rather than sitting in a dock (some of you may prefer the dock). I like that I can pick up the Ipod and use it sort of like a remote to the radio because I can operate it easily without looking down at the dock. I can even hold it while driving if I want to flip through the songs while driving rather than having to reach over to the dock. The sound of this transmitter is great. Some areas you might get a bit of static or station bleed through while driving, but this is minimal and is usually not a problem. I find this happened a lot less with Monster than with the Belkin. The Belkin had a nasty hiss over all of the songs. 
People are talking about this unit not having a radio on it, but I find that I have so many favorite songs on it that I do not need a radio. When I do have a radio, all I do is channel surf for songs I like anyway. This way, I already have all the songs I like at my fingertips!
I think these headphones really make this nano great! I was so surprised when I first heard this little unit play! For something so tiny, it rocks! I am really glad I followed my gut and went with this unit instead of dealing with frustration first by getting the Sanso. This new nano is a must have!
