I received it today, and it's a monster.  If you've seen one in a store, it looks twice as big on your desk.  Until a few hours ago, I was running two 20" aluminum cinema displays on a PNY 6600GT.  After doing online research about using the 30" display under Windows XP, I found that the "functional" cheap solution being used is in fact the PNY 6600GT (Verto 128MB DDR3 with two DVI connectors).  Considering that the other two most noted solutions, QuadroFX 4000 AGP or Parhelia DL256 PCI, are going for $600+ on ebay, I was willing to give my old beater a try.  Besides, I didn't feel like buying another AGP card with PCIE taking over the world, or sacrificing the only PCI slot in my Shuttle XPC (SB75G2).

To my great relief, the monitor worked on the card right away, even showing me the POST and Windows start-up screen (it did for the 20" displays, too).  But to my absolute delight, the card is actually running both the 30" and a 20" in 32-bit color.  The 20" looks absurdly small next to the 30", like I didn't water it enough or something.  The 30" is enormous enough that I think it might be better were it curved!  Maybe I'm just sitting too close.

The only problem with the 6600GT is that the DVI jacks are so near each other that I had to take the plastic housing off of the 20" plug to fit it below the 30".  I'm not a gamer, so I can't say whether the card performs well for that.  It feels as zippy as with the 20" on regular windowing tasks.  I use Eclipse, Flash, Photoshop, etc., but no video editing or 3D stuff.

The screen had a slight warm cast that I didn't like.  Nvidia's control panel let me adjust it manually, and now my 30" and 20" look almost identical.  My biggest fear was of course dead pixels.  By the good grace of lucky ducks, this is the third panel I've gotten from Apple with no dead pixels.  Brightness is uniform but for a very very subtle drop in the far lower left and right edges.  It's not apparent unless you put white there and actively look for it.

In any case, I bought it to get more programming panels on the screen at once, and it does a fine job at that.  I'm using the 20" for browsing and, alas, a few panels that STILL don't fit.  Apple, where's 3840 x 2400??  I strip one star cuz it's crazy expensive.
