My new TV finally arrived and I am very pleased with it.  I picked this one based primarily on all of the reviews I could find online, the vast majority of which were very positive (cNet has lots of reviews as well).  Also, I have two friends who are cable guys and they see all kinds of TVs, all day every day, and both of them bought this exact set for themselves.

My cable provider does not offer many High Def stations yet so the image quality of Standard Def video was the primary criterion for me.  Most reviews were very positive in this regard but there were some that were the exact opposite.  My first impression had me rather worried.  I have since come to believe that poor quality Standard Def video is just a matter of garbage in = garbage out.  I began to suspect this when I noticed that some stations looked much better than others.  In fact, some shows and commercials on any given station looked much better than those which preceded or followed them.  I became convinced as I watched a cable news show where the host and two contributors were each on different cameras being displayed at the same time.  The video of the host looked OK, the video of one contributor was poor, and the video of the other contributor looked great.  The video quality of the various individuals remained consistent when they were occasionally displayed individually on the entire screen.  The set certainly has the ability of displaying fantastic Standard Def video.  I expect that I just never noticed the variability of video quality on lesser TVs.

The quality of the Hi Def Video is breath taking.

Set-up was simple and I have not even bothered yet to read the manual.  Of course the display can be adjusted in many ways, but it looks good to me with the factory presets and I do not intend to adjust the display anytime soon.  Flipping through the on screen menu, I stumbled across the altitude setting which was a nice surprise since I live at 10,000 ft. above sea level.

I was a little disappointed with the delivery situation.  I thought I had ordered the TV in time to have it by opening day kick-off.  Instead it arrived just in time for the third weekend of the football season, and I was told that it could easily have been another week beyond that.  I blame the shipper (Eagle USA) for this, not Amazon.  I say this because I could track the package enough to know that Amazon had the TV picked up right away.  But then Eagle USA kept it sitting in Dallas for almost 2 weeks, and then in Denver for another week, before finally calling me to arrange for delivery.  I believe that if I had not called and emailed Amazon to complain about the delay, it would have taken longer.  Eagle USA told Amazon that they had tried to call me sooner but I know that this is not true for two reasons: 1) I had called Eagle USA the same day they told Amazon this and Eagle USA told me that they had no intention of calling me until a day or so prior to delivery, and 2) my livelihood depends on people being able to reach me at all times and I have a very good message and caller ID tracking system in place.

All in all, a great set at a great price, I just wish I had ordered and started pushing the issue sooner
