I have had and used two pairs of these headphones over the last year. I have been very happy with them, and even bought the second pair to keep as a backup. 

The Good: They are not only noise-cancelling, but they also are rubber earbuds which fit snugly and comfortably in the ear, blocking more noise. If you put them on without any audio source, in only dulls background noise, but I think that's the best you can expect from any pair. While listening to audio, nearly everything is blocked out unless you really listen for it. There is a neck strap with the noise-cancelling component in the middle and the two earbuds hanging from each side. You put it around your neck like a necklace, put the buds in your ears, and use the power and volume controls on the noise-cancelling piece.

The Bad: Nothing is actually "bad" about them, but they're not quite perfect. The earbuds will easily slip out if you're sweating, or if they get at all greasy from your skin or earwax. However, they pop right off and you can wash them with a little soap and water in about 10 seconds. I do this daily when I use them. However, that doesn't make them the best solution for walking or jogging. Once one starts slipping, it generally won't stay in well until it (and your ears) have been cleaned, which detracts from the noise-cancelling effect. 

Other Thoughts: The cord is plenty long enough to reach an iPod or whatever at about belt level. However, if the player is in a pants pocket, it could be a little close. Also, I often wear it when I'm not using it, because you can forget it's there, and also it beats putting it into a pocket to get tangled. I had an issue once because I was sitting at a desk, and it dangled to the floor. When I stood up, I stood on the end and the force of my neck going up while my foot held it down damaged the wiring -- I began to get a slight buzz in one ear. However, I blame myself for that -- it was a mighty tug.

I bought mine at Target, where they were labelled $24.99, on "clearance" from $49.99. A couple of months later they were back to $49.99. Once they dropped again to $34.99 (another "clearance" price), I bought a second pair as a backup. I'm glad I did -- I'm still using the second pair. Battery life is great. I don't know how many hours I get, but I can go at least a couple of weeks using my iPod for at least a couple of hours per day, listening to podcasts and audiobooks
