I bought this package purely for the keyboard. I wanted a new one with wireless technology and I was driven to Bluetooth just because it is so reliable. I do not use the keyboard and mouse together, however.

The keyboard is one of the most comfortable keyboards I've ever used. I am a computer programmer so having a nice keyboard is essential. The pad at the bottom is very comfortable and the keys are very well spaced and organized. The only real compliant is they cut some corners with the home, end, page up, page down, and delete keys. They moved them around from the conventional way which I still haven't gotten used to but it's fine.

I have experience no lag with either the mouse or the keyboard. I play a game called StepMania (a sort of Dance Dance Revolution clone for PC) which requires very accurate timing with the keyboard. I've experienced no problems here, it's spot on and probably the fastest ever. The only problem, really, is it takes a while to register if you haven't use the keyboard for a while since it must turn back on from sleep mode and reconnect. After that however, there are no problems at all.

I do not use the mouse with the keyboard. I decided to use it as a mouse with my iBook since it had built-in bluetooth. I had absolutely no problems connecting the two devices and it works flawlessly. I don't use the mouse very much, but the times I do use it I experience no problems.

Both the range on the mouse and the keyboard are extremely nice. I can go anywhere in my room with either the mouse or keyboard and experience no problems.

The battery life on the keyboard is also very nice, esspecially since it has the built-in sleep feature. I have had to replace the batteries once since I got the unit in January of 06 (currently June of 06). I have not had to replace the mouse batteries yet, but I do not use it very much.

Others complained about not being able to use the keyboard in the BIOS or startup screens, but I haven't had any issues with that. It depends on how recent your motherboard is, and mine is relatively new so I had no problems.

I highly recommend this setup to anyone wanting a wireless keyboard or mouse, or if you want to split and use the mouse with a laptop and keyboard with a desktop. Either way, you cannot go wrong with this package, it is extremely excellent
