With boys aged 2 & 3, and some poor disc storage procedures when I'm driving, it appeared I was in need of one of these units.  Generally my toddler boys are not permitted to handle discs, but it occassionally happens, and doesn't take long for scratches, damage and finger prints to hinder performance, and when changing children's cds in the car I don't always store the disc properly and that leads to damage also.  I read through a lot of reviews on this item and the skipdoctor products, and finally decided on this unit because it runs on a/c power, is fully contained and automatic, and was about $10 less expensive than the most equivalent skipdoctor unit.  Both items had mixed reviews - mostly positive, but I found that most people who tried to make the units work and put in some time and effort were satisfied with both products.  I'm very satisfied with my purchase it has repaired two discs that could not be played at all, and one that skipped.  

This product repairs a disc to "useable" condition, it does not repair it so that scratches are not visible.  I can still see, but not necessarily feel the scratches.  It's also important to remember that some scratches do not affect performance.  If a disc plays well, but shows scratches - I just clean off the finger prints with a cloth or use the unit to clean the disc and see if the performance is satisfactory before attempting a full repair.  

I agree that the instructions with the unit could be better. I saved the instructions provided by another reviewer to use with the provided instructions for clarity. Also, some severely scratched and damaged discs do take many passes to repair, so I agree it is time consuming to acheive a full repair for some items - but it is possible.  I noticed that I could cut down some of the repair time and solution usage by repeating the buffing/sanding (pink disc) process several times in a row for deeper scratches before using the repair.  I ran one disc through 3 times in a row, then used the repair cream solution with yellow pads and it played fine.  My lesser damaged disc only required one pass with the buffer and one with the repair until it worked great.  I usually clean the disc (manually with the cloth or with the machine depending on severity of grime), then buff, then repair.  It can be time consuming to repair a disc to functioning, but it does save the disc and my discs play like new despite the scratches that are still visable.  I think this was good purchase and not overly complicated to use. 
