It is remarkable that, even though there are hundreds of iPod cases in existence, none of them are near-perfect.  I tried four different cases, both hard plastic and silicone variants, and the iskin case comes the closest, protecting the ipod but at the same time not rendering the ipod less enjoyable to use.

The case is basically a hybrid of hard plastic and soft silicone.  The ipod first slips into a silicone sleeve, which covers every part of the ipod except for the earphone plug and the screen.  In addition, there is a hard plastic plate that is then inserted into seems on the front of the silicone case, and this provides the screen protection.  Due to the double-seam in the silicone, the plastic plate never comes in contact with the ipod, so you don't have to worry about it scratching.

The case even has a flap that covers the dock connector, preventing dust from entering, yet you can still use the universal dock without removing the case.

The most unique part of this case is that it covers the clickwheel, but the silicone is so thin that it hardly impedes the scrolling.  Actually, I think it provides just enough resistance so that you will overshoot your target much less than with the bare clickwheel.

The only real downside I found with the iskin is the clip that comes with it--I would not trust it at all, so I took it off.  It would be nice to have a better clip that you can actually use, and it would be really great to have an armband available for it as well, but as I said above, I have yet to find a perfect ipod case.  Like most silicone cases, this one does also attract lint in your pockets, etc., but it is not as bad as other cases.

Unfortunately, even though this is a great case, it is not readily available.  I couldn't find it in any store, and Amazon only sells it through Marketplace sellers.  I ordered from Applelinks, and they delivered it to me in four days.  Whatever you do, don't order from the iSkin company directly.  I have heard countless horror stories of people waiting a month for their cases.  They should re-dedicate themselves to manufacturing these great iskins and let others worry about selling them
