The 6500B was the last one I tried of three.  I've had cordless Panasonic phones break too often in the past so was reluctant to buy one again.  But the other choices had major drawbacks.  I really needed a two-line phone that wasn't 2.4Ghz.

The first I tried was the Uniden TRU8866.  It had a bad echo on the extra handset and other people complained about that too.  This phone uses phone company voice mail (no built-in ans mach) - which is fine - but I had the VM system go bonkers so lost all trust in it.  For over a week messages accumulated but we got no stutter-tone so didn't know there were any new messages - arrgghh.  Not the phones fault I know but it required VM for messaging so nope. 

Next I tried the new Motorola MD7081.  I really wanted to like this phone. It's a 2-line 5.8Ghz ans machine like the Panasonic 6500B.  I liked it's simplicity and easy switching between line 1 and 2.  Had battery backup for use during power outages and the best voice quality of the three.  But, it's answering system has no message counter.  That alone is no big deal but it didn't have any indicator to say whether you had any saved messages.  When a new message arrived it blinked and such - all good.  But, if I got home, say, and listened to a message for my wife, the blinking stopped and no indication of "1 saved message" or anything.  So, I would have to write a note to her to check the messages.  We're so used to relying on seeing a message counter and just listening to them if it's not zero that we thought this would become a nuisance.  I also would have liked an auto-line-selection so it would automatically answer the ringing line or select a non-busy outgoing line.  But, that would have messed up their simpler style button function - hmmm.

The Panasonic, I am surprised to say, ended up being my favorite.  Hopefully it will be reliable.  I was always bothered by Panasonic's phones losing the date/time with any little power outage.  Happily, this phone sets its date/time from caller-id info even though the manual implies it wouldn't work quite that way.  With the right settings and phone company options (busy-forward), it elegantly supports two lines as if they are one.  I really like not thinking about which line is what - just pick up and talk.

The 6500B has good voice quality and reasonable range.  It's much lighter than earlier caller-id handsets which I like.  I also like their shape of handset the best.  My gripes are the limit of 4 handsets - I would like 6 or 7.  Also, can't name the handsets so with intercom you have to remember each number
