First off, let me say that this is a VERY impressive monitor.  My points of reference for that statement are my other three LCD monitors: three Samsung models, two of which are 913Ns and the other is a 712N.  These two Samsung models are advertised to have the same contrast ratio rating as this ViewSonic, and their advertised brightness ratings are 20 points higher than this ViewSonic.  Surprisingly, I actually can see the brightness difference between the Samsungs and this ViewSonic, but, for my taste and needs, the Samsungs are simply too bright, and I end up turning down their brightnesses anyway.  For high light, daytime use, I have found that I do like to have the brightness all the way up on the ViewSonic, but I truly do not see any need for it to be any brighter than it is capable of being.

Installation was simple: in fact, something that might be helpful to those of you who are buying this would be that, interestingly again, the drivers that are on the ViewSonic website are actually older than the ones that came with my installation CD, even though the driver package that is posted on the ViewSonic website claims to have been posted only a few weeks ago.  When I first installed this monitor and turned it on, I truly do not think the picture was as clear, or the graphics as rich, as any of the Samsung monitors that I own.  But, and this is another tip for new users of this product, the default setting for the ViewSonic screen contrast was set MUCH lower than the maximum setting.  When I increased the contrast up to its maximum setting, I believe the clarity and quality of the picture to be nearly equal, if not fully equal, to those on the other LCDs that I own.

One big plus about this monitor is that it comes with a DVI cable included, so you save that added expense (this isn't true with all ViewSonics).  And, especially with the digital connection, I have no doubts about ViewSonic's claim that this monitor has nearly twice (5ms versus 8ms) the refresh rate as the Samsungs.  I have to admit that I wasn't sure I needed a widescreen display, but I believe it's going to be a challenge going back to the standard ones!  This is a really a fine monitor!

Now for a few small negatives.  One reason I haven't purchased ViewSonics in the past is that they put a fairly tall bar on the bottom of these screens to accommodate speakers.  I already have a fine speaker system set up and connected to my computer, so I really have no use for monitor speakers.  Additionally, those ViewSonic speakers always raise the monitor height up much higher than I'm comfortable with.  Strains my neck.  The reason I really didn't worry about it on this monitor was because, while there are speakers, they appear to be nearly half the height of the normal ones on other ViewSonic monitors.  With that said, I have to admit that even this speaker accommodation bar added a bit more to the screen height than I had expected.  For example, on the 17 inch Samsung monitor, the bottom of the screen is 3 3/4" from the desktop.  On the 19 inch Samsungs, it is 4 inches.  On this ViewSonic, the bottom of the screen is 5 1/2 inches above the desktop.  It's not bad, but it's going to take a bit of getting used to.  If all else fails, other monitor stands are available.

As with most electronic products these days, there is very little in the way of documentation.  The 87 billion language installation card tells diddly.  The .PDF manual that is installed on the computer simply says the standard self-explanatory things.  However, I found the interactive help program on the manufacturer's website be quite useful in helping fix a few small problems, surprisingly.

All in all, I'm very impressed so far, and I'm really looking forward to using this monitor!  By the by, shipping from Amazon.com was amazingly fast: it shipped the next day, and it arrived the day after that.  I can't complain about that speed!  My only question is why they would need a weight surcharge on this but could ship an extremely heavy wood lathe for free?  Go figure!  Anyway, a solid four stars for this monitor
