I recently bought an HP 17" widescreen laptop and needed to find a case for traveling. This case is all that and more...on one side is a detachable cell phone case...the other side a HIDDEN drink holder. It has a pocket that it slides into if not needed- that came in handy in the airport.

This case looks extremely sturdy (well built!)and dirt just seems to wipe right off of it. It holds my 17" laptop, PDA, Cell phone, computer mouse, one-time-use cameras, Ipod, and all the wires and chargers for those electronics. I even fit two books, keys, a folder filled with directions and plane tickets, a notebook, and two dvd's in here. (all of that at the same time) Granted, all that stuff makes it pretty heavy to lug around the airport, so if you are doing that routinely you are going to want something with wheels or backpack form. The strap on this bag is extremely sturdy and cushiony. The strap was long enough for me to wear it diagonally accross my chest if I wanted, but it is not detachable (which means it isn't likely to fall off easily).

This bag is extremely well-designed. There is a strap for attaching it to wheeled luggage...it even fits under the window seat of the airplane and those areas for storage are much smaller than the aisle seats. Very well padded..I knocked my brand new computer around a bit during the travels and kept opening the case to make sure it was okay! Of course it was fine because there are 3 heavy duty layers of padding.

Because this bag does all that and more, it is large. It becomes larger the more you stuff it (obviously). However, I am 5'1" and I carried it fine from North Carolina to New York. It looks great, if I needed to go to a meeting with my laptop I would gladly take it in this case. It looks professional enough.

happy buying!
ps. let me add that finding a decently priced case for a 17" laptop that has all the features this one does is nearly impossible. Also, in the stores I checked this was sold for about 30 dollars more than here on amazon!! If you have a smaller laptop, this case will work just fine too! It has an adjustable divider. You will just gain more room for other stuff. I look foward to long usage of this case.
