Ladies and Gentlemen,

Just a quick note to say that it is a pity that people buy 'toys' before exploring what it is that they're buying.  I have seen people knock the SanDisk U3 drives, as well as U3 drive made by other companies.  Well the reality is that:

a- The U3 software has a way of stopping the software's auto-boot.

b- There is Uninstall software available at at SanDisk.com and at U3.com, and I'm guessing that those company's that offer U3 and have a web site probably have the 'Uninstaller' on their site.

c- There is a great deal of U3 software available (free and pay-for-it) at U3.com.  I know that SanDisk has a software site, so do Verbatim & Memorex.

d- For those who want portable software but don't want U3 or don't have a U3 drive, go to http://portableapps.com.  Note: some of the software here is the same used by the U3 folks, without using the U3 LaunchPad.

e- Quality of drives: remember that when you buy most of the electronics 'toys' available today, you are buying Chinese c*** (junk).  Both the manufacturing and Quality Control (QC) are garbage.  Unless you are paying serious change for something ($500+) you will get passable junk.  If you are expecting "made in Japan quality" your kidding yourself.  This is the reason you will see many Brand Name goods, also selling with No-Name labels (i.e Coby).  Same production line, different labels.  It is also one of the reason folks are impressed with Apple iPods.  Apple demands excellent QC, and the destruction of goods that don't meet the standard.  In exchange you are willing to pay a 20% premium for this level of QC.  Like everything in life, ya gets whats ya pay for.

g- Since the beginning of Windows (v1.0, et al) there have always been buggy and uncooperative software programs, there will always be pain in the a** software.  One of the reasons XP has such a prominent 'roll-back' feature.  And also the reason many, if not MOST, power users run multiple machines.  Of course, these days we have to fill Billy G's pockets by having to buy multiple paks of XP.  Most of my power-user friends run at least three or four machines, each one with a different use.  It shouldn't be this way, but the reality is that for folk that use or explore a great deal of software, for many purposes (MP3's, scanning, Video, controlling radios, composing music, et al), one machine won't cut it because XP ain't as stable as folks think.  The more programs, and the more varied in type, the more instability is introduced into ANY Windows installation. Why do you think businesses run Win2000 or Win2003, because there are less software 'toys' that run under 2K, and the 'admin' can prevent you from loading a lot of software 'toys'.

h- In the end, understand what you are buying before you buy so that you'll have better luck getting what you want, and you won't look so ignorant when you say something that anyone who has bothered to go to the web site(s) knows is dead wrong, or just plain stupid.

i- When you truly understand the product, you'll be able to write TRULY useful reviews, and that what all readers want, useful information.

To one and all, may your 'toys' keep you happy
