The V200 is another great Logitech product. It is far from the king of the mouse, but when it comes to the notebook it doesn't get much better than this. It takes two AA batteries (so get some rechargeable batteries to save on costs) which slide into the top of the mouse by pulling back on the palm rest to reveal two slots. The mouse doesn't weigh too much heavier than the two mouse batteries themselves. This is a two button mouse with a tilt wheel. With the setpoint software you can alter what the buttons do. Overall the design is good. There could be a problem installing setpoint. It may hang on install. If so you need to use the task manager to quit the install and then try it again. It should work. The USB receiver is 2.4 GHz and has a 10 Meter range. Wow. However there is one major problem with a wireless mouse for a notebook. USB dongles and receivers that are plugged into the side of the laptop are just begging to be snapped off. For this reason you should have the USB receiver on the side opposite the mouse hand, if you can, to avoid accidental contact. It should also not be hanging over the edge of the table. If you press it down lightly, then that is it, game over for the receiver and you will have to get a new 2.4 GHz receiver. So okay you will have to spend on a new receiver, if you break the old one. The receiver plugs into a small slot under the mouse using a magnet. When it is in the holder the mouse turns off. It doesn't fit in smoothly. It creates a block shape in the bottom of the mouse. Anyway you are not going to be using it when it is clipped in. The other thing is that it can pop out sometimes. Just happens if the mouse just gets knocked a certain way. I am sure most notebook users are cautious with their notebooks and devices. If you are then a mouse like this and USB should last for a very long time. There is really nothing wrong with it. Wireless mini mouse. FAB! However there is one last thing to say. If you don't like the idea of a USB receiver then GET A BLUETOOTH VERSION OF THIS MOUSE INSTEAD. It is called the V270. That is if your notebook has internal Bluetooth or else you will need to get a Bluetooth USB receiver and be in the same boat when it comes to watching your USB receivers. But if you have a Bluetooth internal receiver with your notebook then by all means head over to the V270 and forget about this USB option. The USB design isn't a fault with the mouse; it is just a fault with all notebooks that is not really a fault. You just got to switch to internal Bluetooth or learn to take care of your receivers.
