I have always run all of my media through my pc and my former speaker set (a Midiland 5.1 system) was thoroughly aged and falling apart I decided it was time to upgrade.  I wanted something that had incredible sound with both music and dvd's.  I shopped around and came to the conclusion I would aim for the form factor speakers.  When considering this bose system, this MUST be taken into account.    

First off, this system is expensive.  For just under 1000 dollars (doesn't 999 sound sooo much better than 1g?) you get 5 bi-directional midrange speakers, the subwoofer unit, and speaker cable.  At this price it is very disappointing that bose does not include some sort of receiver, but no matter this leaves room for the customer to customize his/her choice to suit any personal needs and/or budget.  Bose includes 3 colors (white, silver, black) and all the speakers are well packaged and aesthetically pleasing with the exception of the sub unit (a large rectangular box meant to save space but does not). 
 
What brought me to look into this system was the specific size of the speakers and there general attractiveness.  For their size the bose do a very good job of reproducing any sound-granted they are paired with a competent receiver.  Anyone who has any qualms about this system should first consider what they are running their sound through, without competent equipment these speakers will not be on par with what you heard in the store.  

Once I got the system home it was very easy to set up and install.  Bose packages the speakers with clear instructions and all of the wires are meant to be hidden and include markings as to what speakers they belong to-a very handy feature especially when one is trying to hide this system.  The only serious issue I have with this system ended up being with my receiver (an Onkyo) and not related at all with the speakers.  

Since I do run this through my computer (presently a laptop) I had a few troubles setting up a new sound card and getting it too mesh with my receiver, but when that was all said and done, I was extremely please with the system.  With a bose the tweaking one needs to do is very minimal and thus why this deserves the higher price tag-its target audience is usually those more affluent and unable to spend hours tweaking individual speaker levels and sound ranges.  

My test soundtracks included:  Gladiator, Matrix (II or III), Snatch, and music tracks ranging from techno, rock, classical, and alternative.  Everything sounded great with enough low, high, and midrange response.  The second complaint I have with this system is not differentiating in the least between any of the satellites.  I found myself turning the response on the center channel up so the front speakers weren't drowning out the voices.  That was solved with a little tweaking so nothing major there.  

All in all this speaker system is a great investment in my mind satisfying all of my needs (though draining my bank account) and providing me with great surround sound.

Good:  Great range and volume of sound.  Easy set-up.  Well built speakers-aesthetically and physically.  No interference or feedback.

Bad:  Subwoofer awkward, no dedicated center channel, pricey, no included receiver.

For their size these speakers more than compete with any full-blown tower 5.1 system.  Here is one satisfied customer
