I had a Zen Vision:M but I returned it because I decided I didn't need quite that much storage capacity and the hard drive seemed to sputter and whirr too often and I wanted the peace of mind that comes with owning a flash player compared to a hard drive player, so I decided to go with the Zen V since it's interface is almost identical to that of the Zen Vision M's(which I liked).

The first thing you will notice is the physical design.  Initially I wasn't that impressed, but it's really grown on me.  The height x width dimensions are comparitively much much smaller than the iPod nano.  You can actually wrap your entire hand around the device, and the soft finish feels very nice in your hand.  The second color that fills the seams of the player is a very nice touch as well.

The music is organized your standard Artist-Album-Song interface that is becoming quite a bit stale in my opinion. Still, it's as simple as you can get I suppose.  The device officially supports album art although it seems to be very hit-or-miss in that regard in my experience. The screen is vibrant and colorful but is very hard to see in bright sunlight.

 The middle joystick is used for navigation and it works very well in that regard, although wedging your thumb underneath to move upward can be tricky sometimes and result in an accidental button push.  A dedicated volume control switch is found on the side and a hold switch on top.  

The player syncs with WMP11 via USB connection.  Syncing it is a snap although I was not impressed with the transfer speeds. Also, if you sync the tracks on your player back to another computer, album art will not be attached to the music tracks.

If you are a newbie to buying MP3 players make note of the different sized models.  The 2GB model for instance advertises that it holds 1000 songs but these figures are theoretical maximums based on low quality files.  Most of my files are mid bit-rate WMAs and I can fit about 500 songs on the player, half as much as advertised.  

Summary:

Pros:
Excellent physical design
Easy to use interface
Good navigation
Great sound quality

Cons:
On-the-go playlist creation is flawed
Album art support hit-or-miss
Slow transfer speeds from WMP11
Accesories rarely available in brick-and-mortar stores

Ultimately, I recommend the Zen V over the iPod nano mostly on the strength of it's vastly superior physical design. 



