I tried both Microsoft's LifeCam VX-3000 and VX-6000. Had 'em both home and ran trials with my Intel Pentium D Dual Core 3.00GHz CPU with 2 gigs of ram and, with both of those, the video lagged the audio (distractingly so). Spent the better part of an hour on the phone with a friendly Microsoft customer service rep one evening (got through on their toll free line)and he pointed me to new software for the VX-6000. Downloaded the 50 meg plus file, installed it, but the VX-6000 still produced out-of-sync video vs. audio when I created a simple 640 by 480 video file for viewing on Media Player or editing in Windows Movie Maker. 

So, I talked to some technicians at our company and then talked to the webcam guru at the local assembler that built my, I believe, excellent computer. All recommended Logitech when buying webcams. I then marched back to Best Buy and traded my $99 Microsoft VX-6000 for a Logitech Quickcam Orbit MP for BB's price of $139.95. You can find this Logitech unit cheaper all over the place, including, of course, here at Amazon. The package I bought included an inexpensive headset, which I haven't used so far.

Although I haven't tried the Orbit in a video phone call yet, from the moment I turned it on I had that satisfing good feeling that I bought a winner. Installed fairly easily with a couple of bumps. Got a "USB composite device has not passed Windows Logo testing" screen a couple of times..BUT..I received the SAME screen on, get this, the Microsoft cams! I just continued installing and have not experienced system problems so far.

The audio sync with video in making a recording is right on (remember, that was primary reason for taking back the Microsoft cameras) AND the picture clarity on my LCD flat panel monitor at the 640 webcam capture setting produced a gorgeous picture. Excellent detail and smoothness of video. Besides the superior audio sync with video, the Orbit MP is remarkably better than the VX-6000 and way above the $49 Microsoft VX-3000 in all other criteria too, in my opinion after comparison testing.

The Orbit's special effects are interesting and fun. The pan, tilt, etc., excellent. The face tracking is vigorous and alive - fun to watch the little Orbit camera turn - but I haven't tested in actual live conferencing yet.

All in all - for webcams, I'm now saying what more experienced webcam users told me - head for Logitech. They've certianly hooked me with their apparent superior performance. The Orbit MP is a keeper! Not going to waste anymore time searching and testing. And, my advice to Microsoft, you'd better talk to the outfit that bought your name for those Lifecams. I've relied on the Microsoft name on peripherals, keyboards, etc., and I've generally been very satisfied. But, in webcams, with me, the Microsoft brand now takes a back seat to Logitech.

