Let me just preface this review by mentioning that I read many customer reviews(here and elsewhere) on this product before purchasing it. I focused on the negative reviews as to develop a good idea of any potential design flaws. After using this keyboard for almost 6 months I believe that Saitek delivers an attractive design with solid quality. 

Command Pad: Many reviews bash this feature. It is quite a basic pad as compared to some, but it gets the job done. My only main gripe with the pad was how it failed to deliver some windows macros such as ctrl-alt-delete. During games such as WoW and CoD2 I had no problems whatsoever. The rumor about the horrible software and it being buggy was nonexistent for me. The customers who claimed it to be "impossible" and "buggy" seem to be computer illiterate at best, and judging from the frequency of grammatical errors in their reviews, possible English illiterate as well. If you are familiar with computer hardware then you will be fine with this software and pad.

Keyboard: The quietness, response, and overall feel of the keys rival any Logitech design. I am a huge fan/customer of Logitech equipment, and thus can confidently state that this board is of equal material quality. Saitek took a more simple route with this design(no LCD screen etc...) and the price shows it.

*I almost laughed out loud after recently reading some of the passionate and disgruntled reviews concerning the lack of key-symbol illumination. It is obvious that these reviewers did not know much about the product they purchased. Unfortunately failing to be informed about a product one buys totally demerits any kind of negative opinion resulting from that lack of knowledge. I would guess that 90% of the negative reviews about this board capitalize on this point resulting in a much lower overall rating than deserved. 

Last and probably least comes the aesthetics, of course the most subjective part of any review. I found this setup to be very sharp looking. In the dark, the vivid key definition from the backlights allows any experienced typist to quickly find whatever he/she is looking for. This eliminates the need for symbol illumination. Although symbol illumination might be a nice touch, especially for the keyboard deficient, I feel that Saitek sacrificed this option to provide very durable lettering. I have lost some lettering on Logitech keyboards sooner than the 6 months I've been using this one(Although frequency of gaming has fluctuated). Saitek Engineers probably figured that most gamers would know the keyboard well enough to not need both key definition and symbol illumination, apparently an oversight on their part. 

I will recap this lengthy review by recommending this keyboard to any capable computer enthusiast who desires a good value.  
