If you buy this service plan, print out the contract and keep your receipt. I did not purchase the plan, but looked over the contract intensely since I nearly got it.

Some notes on the contract:
1. It is only good in the United States (including Washington, DC, but MINUS MAINE), but it does not include Guam, Virgin Islands, etc. So if you are in another country or outside the 50 states + D.C., this contract will be nothing but a waste of money.
2. This contract is transferable and the directions to do so are simple.
3. They will only fix/replace/etc IF the manufacturing warranty no longer covers the item. That is, if the manu. warranty is still good, you have to use it.
4. If the item needs to be shipped, shipping/handling will only be covered if the manufacturer would cover those costs in their warranty period. If the item is being replaced, "You will be responsible for the delivery or cost of delivery of the covered Product to Our authorized service center. Reimbursement will be issued in the form of a check payable to You." I'm uncertain if that means you cover those costs or they reimburse you.
5. No lemon policy of 3 service repairs for the SAME defect, and a upon the time of a 4th repair, as determined by them, they will "replace it with a product of comparable performance. Repairs performed while the Product is under manufacturer's warranty DO NOT APPLY." (Doesn't sound like a great no lemon policy... your product would have to breakdown in the same way 4 times in the number of years they cover you -- many electronics are typically already covered by the manufacturer for 1 year.)
6. There are numerous conditions that they will not repair for, but they all sound typical of such plans (such as, they don't cover accidents and they don't cover "the elements or acts of God" ... sorry, I had to note that second one since it stuck out to me from the other things). But, in all seriousness, read the list before you purchase.

So, now that I have summarized much of the contract, if you want to get the service warranty, PLEASE READ THE CONTRACT SINCE I DIDN'T COVER EVERYTHING!!! (Don't hold me liable since I don't have much money anyways.) Also, I think this is typical in warranty contracts, but you will occassionally see the phrase "at our discretion" in the contract.

Assuming they aren't jerks with their discretion and aren't too tough to deal with, I would give the warranty 4 stars (minus 1 star for the crappy lemon policy). I didn't get the coverage because the product I was going to get it for had just made into the next price category (so it was pricy for my product, being at the lower price end of the scale)
