I had been talking about wanting an MP3 player, but I did NOT want an iPod, as I heard you cannot add files in Windows format and that's what all of my music is.  I received this e260 4 GB MP3 player for my birthday in June 2006, and this is the first MP3 player I have ever owned.  Although there are a few little quirks, overall I am not disappointed and would recommend this MP3 player.

Like many rechargeable battery-powered items, it required a lengthy initial charge before first use.  After that, the future charges don't seem to take as long.  The MP3 player plays for hours on end without needing a new charge.  Although I've never run it completely down, I have used it continuously for about 4 hours with no battery issues.

I installed the software on my computer, and the disk is where you will find the owner's manual.  I was a bit irritated that there was no hard copy of the owner's manual, and just a few weeks ago it came up as an issue when my MP3 player froze and I had to turn on the computer to look up the troubleshooting guide (turns out if the player freezes you need to hold the power button down for about 15 seconds to reset it). 

It came pre-loaded with 20 songs, only one of which I had ever heard of (and it was one of those no-name bands that played once on Saturday Night Live).  Although my first instinct was to delete the songs to make room for my own choices, I decided to leave them on there until I need the space.  About three of the songs have grown on me a little bit over the past 5 months.  I currently have 517 songs on there and still have room for more.

As far as performance goes, it performs pretty well.  The buttons are a little difficult to get used to, as you navigate through the functions and the song lists by scrolling a wheel.  Not too bad, but when you turn on the player and it begins at the beginning of the list and you want a song that's in the middle and you have a lot of songs on there, you will be scrolling a lot.  

I do not use all the functions that came with this MP3 player.  It has music, fm radio, photo, voice, video and a settings option.  I have used the music function and the voice recorder option, both with good results.  The only downside to the voice recorder is that you can't get the recordings you made off the MP3 player and onto your computer.  It would have been nice to be able to record things and sync them onto your computer.  As for syncing music files, I have not had any problems, although I did have one instance where it shows a song was downloaded, but when you try to play it, it skips to the next song alphabetically in the list.  I don't know what caused this.  Also, you can only store a song as one genre, which is a little annoying.  Be sure you have your genres picked before you sync because once the song is on the MP3 player, you cannot change the genre.

It came with a headset, but I have never used it.  Instead I purchased some Panasonic folding travel speakers to use with it.  

I do wish the MP3 player had some alternate form of charging other than needing to be connected to my computer's USB drive to charge.  Another con is that a scratch of some sort appeared on the inside surface of the screen.  I can't remember it being dropped or anything, so I don't know what caused this, but it's pretty noticeable.  It doesn't seem to affect the operation, just the aesthetics.

Overall, the cons are little irritations to me and I would recommend this player to someone who doesn't want an iPod
