I hadn't seen this product in stores as I usually would see the white TuneDok which seemed pretty cool but I decided to buy this one online to go better with my black car (I have a white 40GB 4th generation iPod).
The holder is everything you would expect and it did work a little better than I expected. It's very easy to just place the iPod in the holder and very easy to take it off. You can do it with one hand. You just pull back the small tab of the suction thing on the back and your iPod is easily removed and ready to go. The additional cup adapters is an added bonus for those who need them, but the standard one was enough for me.

The part that is black and holds the iPod is what seems to be the best thing about the product. As far as I know the cups are the same grey color for both the white TuneCok and this black version, so the difference is only in the iPod holder and not the cups.

The only "bad" thing I could say is that the cup itself is made of a rubbery plastic that scratches easily. In fact when I was trying to figure out what the adapters were for (before reading the manual..oops), I scratched it quite a LOT trying to fit the two additional cups together. That doesn't affect functionality so it doesn't make me give it less than 5 stars. A small issue you might want to consider as well is that the TuneDok doesn't hold iPods in their cases. So if you're like me and carry your iPod everywhere in a case you might wan to consider having a case that is easy to put on the iPod and remove it to avoid the hassle everytime you want to place the iPod on the TuneDok.

I like how the black TuneDok looks with my white iPod. It kind of makes the iPod stand out more than the TuneDok itself. I think the $15 price is pretty reasonable for the white TuneDok, and this one is too if you're willing to pay the extra $5 for it to go with your U2 iPod. But as I said, I think my white iPod looks cooler in my black car with the black TuneDok anyway.
Edit: I bought it for $20, but now it's $15. One more good reason to get this one.

I'm not too sure, but it seems like the new 5G iPod fits in the TuneDok. If they do, I bet this product is going to turn into a top seller soon enough as the demand for the black iPods is greater than the white one. Maybe someone who gets their 5G iPod can confirm this, so don't buy this for your 5G iPod unless you're already sure or can try it before you buy it
