Before I bought this device, I was trying to enjoy the "Hearts of Space" website, "This American Life" and other NPR shows available for online streaming.  Only problem was, I didn't like being shackled to my computer in order to hear them.   I did some research on the internet, read a lot of reviews and ultimately decided on the Logitech Wireless Music System.  I would like to echo all the positive comments recorded here.

It was indeed quite fast and easy to set up.  No lengthy manuals to read (thank goodness.)  I did not find it necessary to load the CD software that came with the device.  If I want to listen through the stereo, I plug in the USB.  If I want to listen through the computer, I simply unplug the USB.  It's very simple.

I am 100% satisfied with the sound quality.  I would not be able to tell the difference between FM radio and the online streaming.  However, I do have to turn up my stereo about twice as loud when I am sending internet audio streams to it using this device, than when I am listening to a CD or the radio.  On my stereo (which isn't fancy), this does not cause diminished sound quality, so I'm perfectly OK with it.  I just have to remember to turn down the volume before switching back to CD or radio listening.

If you are wondering whether the device will be compatible with your stereo, check for two things.  First, your stereo has to have a set of two holes side-by-side that are for the twin plugs generally colored white and red.  I'm sorry I do not know the technical names for these things, but there's a picture of the red-and-white plugs on this Amazon page in the Manufacturer's "Product Description" section (just scroll up until you see it.)  Second, your stereo has to have a button that will let you switch to "Auxiliary" input.  My stereo has this, but my portable CD player/cassette player/radio (AKA boom box) does not.   If it is important to you to be able to use this on a portable player you can carry around the house and/or outside, be sure to check your player for these two things.

Overall I am very satisfied and quite happy with the product
