Earlier this week I received the factory referbished Samsung HD841.  I have had a few days to use it and compare it to my other players, mainly my Philips 642, which have been excellent players for me. This Model does well.  I don't understand why this model has such a rough reveiw.  Note, this model has the DVI output, If your TV has an HDMI port, you will want to check out the Samsung HD 850 (identical otherwise).  First, this model has component, composite and S-video hook ups, as well as the DVI port (still have to run seperate sound out with DVI). Also, this model does feature digital coax sound out and optical sound out as well for systems that can handle 5.1 THX.  Many upconvert models do not have the digital outs on lower priced models. The picture quality is great, at 480p comparable with my Philips.  Again, The upconvert works well out the DVI hook up to my TV, but to be honest, it is hard to tell any difference between it and a good 480p progressive scan player, at least on my tv which is a 23" 720p LCD.  Menus also are a bit difficult to figure out at first as well.  The user manual is less than impressive at explaining thing, in fact, it does not have an index.  But, it the main thing is that the player is does perform well, and is a name brand product from samsung (I have had some offbrand experience and have had perfomace problems).  THis player also appears to have DivX available on it, not noted in the product discription, so that was a suprise as well.  This will allow the use of MP4 movie files.  The remote again is bigger and at first more difficult than my other players, but after a day or so it actually is better because many of the features are available to change at the push of a button instread of going through the menus.  In all, I will continue to explore this new player, but in all it seems to be a quality product that has received some bad flack.  So give it a chane, the prices are good currently, quality has been good, and it is a Samsung.
Note to the technosavy: I have not had luck using the component upconvert code that is available on other web sites, so I am using my DVI input for upconvert.  Also, the new Blue ray (HD 1080p) DVD players are out, so if you have the expensive hi res tvs that can handle this, you might want to wait and save till you can get the new DVD players.  
Note 2: the factory referbished models come with a DVI cable, a 20-30 dollar value that many don't come with
