The KOSS Pro-4AA's were not made for iPod/MP3 headphone users.  TO begin with, they reveal the low fidelity of MP3 files (compared with LP's or CD's).  Also, they require a 1/4"-to-3.5mm (or other) adapter in order to plug into most recent audio playback and computer equipment.

These Headphones have been around a long time. Check out the old photos of the "Watergate" hearings from 1973/1974, and notice that the Senators & attorneys were all listening through KOSS Pro 4AA headphones.  Their longevity is mainly due to their extermely high fidelity audio reproduction. Unfortunately, their age has made them somewhat inconvenient for most listeners, since they are very heavy and a bit cumbersome.

NEGATIVES:
1) Weight (about 3 or 4 times as heavy as most contemporary studio-reference headphones)
2) Tight headband - as noted, the fit is fatiguing if your 'hat size' is greater than 7 1/2.
3) The coiled cord is extremely difficult to replace (it's actually less expensive to replace the entire set of headphones of you can get a good discount).

POSITIVES:
1) AUDIO FIDELITY. Unless you want to spend at least $300 for a set of headphones, the sound quality and fidelity of the Pro-4AA's is almost impossible to beat.
2) VALUE. As noted above, for the price you pay, these are vastly superior to any other headphones that are comparably priced.
3) DURABLE. My first pair lasted 30 years.  They were dropped and knocked around, and finally gave out when (It think) a voltage spike surged in the left earphone, fusing a coil.
4) ISOLATION. THe paddded earphones block out external sound very well.

The sound fidelity is preserved over a wide volume range. These sound great at low and high volumes.

The biggest Positive (and the reason why I prefer to use Pro-4AA's for audio mixing, other studio applications, and serious listeining) is that they are extremely unlikely to be stolen.  Size matters: they are heavy, and bulky so they're not easily concealed; and since iPOD or MP3 players use the mini plugs, these require additional hardware.  If you just want 'jogging/exercise music', then these will not work well. If you want hi-fidelity at a bargain price, the Pro-4AA's are still the best choice around.

