Having been a buyer of Sennheiser products for over 10 years, I feel it is time I endorse a product I truly believe in, and have never been let down by. Including service and customer satisfaction.

Each time buying a Sennheiser product, I found myself stepping up to the next level of their headphones, because they simply keep improving their technology to the point that what you used to own by them gets overwhelmed by the latest headphone they offer. When I bought the HD-600's, I had just come away from years owning the HD-25. When these encountered a technical problem, I replaced them with a backup choice, the HD-25SP's. The difference in sound going 'lower' down their scale of products was just too much to bear. So I bit the bullet and went higher. 

Whether you use Sennheiser's merely for pleasure, or for studio work, the accuracy of their sound, and what you get for your money cannot be beat. My HD-600's ran into a small technical glitch (and Sennheiser were extremely helpful in getting this fixed and replaced within 2 days of receipt), and I swear I nearly cried in their absence. HD-600's give you a clear idea of how things were recorded, how good your system is, and what truly sounds inferior. You never listen to things quite the same way again.

The reason my reviews of Paul McCartney and John Lennon albums from the 70's all comment on how inferior the recording quality is (especially compared to the so called ''Economy Class Beatles'' George Harrison's and Ringo Starr's albums from the same decade), is down to what HD-600's reveal. My main source of media tends to be Vinyl, because Compact Discs and DVD's still cannot capture what analogue/turntable equipment captures. Vinyl is simply warmer and more 'round' in comparison to its digital counterparts. And when listening to badly recorded albums, HD-600's make you wonder if you spent more on your headphones than the artist did using a studio. HD-600's are the reason I mention time and time again you are not getting value for money when buying Lennon and McCartney solo albums. Listening to ''Take IT Away'' from 1982's Tug Of War reveals an annoying tape hiss coming from the left side of the stereofield. Which sounds much like someone forgot to 'silence' a track that had a recording on it, before the instrument actually showed up in the song. It sounds totally like electrical / amp noise coming from equipment, and Geoff Emerick or George Martin just simply forgot to keep this track silent until the instrument that occupied that track appeared in the song. 

It gets much worse than 'Take It Away' on Paul McCartney albums, and even more painfully so on John Lennon albums. But listening pleasure can be found recording wise on their solo albums BACK TO THE EGG, RAM, DOUBLE FANTASY, MILK AND HONEY, and some portions of BAND ON THE RUN, and WALLS AND BRIDGES. #9 Dream is simply a gorgeous recording, it's just too bad the rest of the album doesn't sound as good as that one song.

When you listen to your CD's, vinyl, DVD's in whatever room of your house your speakers are, the room dictates what you hear, no matter what you've spent on speakers, power amps, woofers, sub-dividers, etc. Whether you have wall to wall carpeting, high ceilings, low ceilings, plaster or cement, wood floors, a more long than wide room, it all affects how sound reaches your ear. Which is why on a great set of headphones, you are more likely to hear HOW those sounds were meant to be heard, how they were recorded, and how much time was spent doing it. On speakers, McCartney's JET sounds quite full, though the snare is a little thin. But when hearing the album with HD-600's, the drums nearly become non-existent, and all the inconsistencies of the recording become so apparent, you wonder if the mix was sabotaged by someone. McCartney on drums is not a miracle, especially when you hear many of the mistakes being made by someone not as confident on that instrument as they are on Bass. 

Can I review anything without bringing up Lennon and McCartney? Quite possibly Dog Food. But so far, they come up pretty regularly. Makes you wonder if I'm trying to prove a point doesn't it.

Albums that are phenomenally recorded get due justice with Sennhesier HD-600's. They truly do. Some noteworthy recordings from the 70's and 80's when recording technology (for popular music) was just beginning to reach new highs, that are all HD-600 friendly:

Isao Tomita's The Firebird (1976)
George Harrison's eponymous album (1979)
Steely Dan's Gaucho (1980)
Joe Walsh's The Smoker You Drink, The Player You Get (1973)
10CC's The Original Soundtrack (1975)
Godley & Creme's Consequences (1977)
Supertramp's Crime of the Century (1974)
XTC's Black Sea (1980)
Peter Gabriel's 3rd album (1980)
Kate Bush's The Dreaming (1982)
Earth Wind and Fire's All 'n' All (1977)
Level 42's The Pursuit of Accidents (1982)
Billy Cobham's Spectrum (1972)
Frank Zappa's One Size Fits All (1975)
Ringo Starr's Goodnight Vienna (1974)

and a truly incredible sounding album from the 90's, Prince and The New Power Generation's ''Symbol'' album from 1992.

Albums NOT HD-600 friendly:
Todd Rundgren's Hermit of Mink Hollow (1978)
Blue Oyster Cult's Agents of Fortune (1976)
Paul McCartney's Venus and Mars (1975 - and quite a few others)
John Lennon's Imagine (1971 - and avoid 1970's Instant Karma like the plague, the piano track will hurt you . .  )
Yes's Fragile (often the guitars and keyboards hit frequencies that cause a lot of crackling and clipping)

and surprisingly enough, many remasters of albums once on vinyl or antiquated CD reveal the errors of fixing something that ain't broken.  


If you have to save up for a pair, or do some heavy searching for HD-600's that are affordable, do so. In over 10 years I have never been disappointed by anything Sennheiser distributed, especially when I kept up with their pace.



