I've gone through a ton of headphones in recent years. They've included Koss "The Plug," Sennheiser PX100, Koss UR29, Koss SportaPro and a few others. All had their strong and weak points. So far, this has been the closest I've had to a good balance.

For my tastes (not necessarily anybody else's), strong bass is one of the most important things. The PX100 felt very weak in this area, despite what everybody else seemed to say -- weaker than my old Sony MDR-NC20 (which are still going strong after 6 years and remain my backup headphone of choice thanks to their decent sound and folding ability). I had problems keeping "The Plug" sealed in my ears, despite the "hold the outer ear while the Plug seats" advice. They're also a very a bad choice for iPods because their very low impedance overdrives the amplifier circuit. The SportaPros had great bass, but leaked way too much sound. The UR29 had good bass and very good isolation, but were a little uncomfortable, warm, heavy and too bulky to use on the go. Going back a few years, I had a pair of AKG K240s that had disappointing bass. Ditto for a pair of Sennheiser HD-420s.

The K26P seems to combine the better aspects of all these phones. The bass is among the strongest. When I listen to the 1812 Overture, the "cannon blasts" come through loud and clear, even at moderately low volumes, with no distortion at all. Isolation isn't as good as the UR29, but not too bad. Certainly a lot more portable, easy to stow in my bag at all times. The PX100s fold smaller, but they're a pain in the neck to stow in their hard case. The higher efficiency of the K26P means I can set my iPod at a lower volume. Instead of 55-60% of max volume with the UR29 or the stock earbuds, I now run at 35-40% comfortably. In terms of comfort, they're comfortable enough for hours of wearing, after a couple of slight modifications. If they press too hard on your hears, first extend the headband all the way, then GENTLY straighten each half a little bit by gripping a couple of inches of steel band at a time and unbending it. After a few tries, it should be perfectly fitted to your head. Don't bend too hard or grip the plastic parts or you can break the phones. Be patient. So it takes a couple of days of trial and error, but in the end, you get good-sounding phones that are wonderfully comfortable. You'd be surprised how little pressure is needed to produce a good seal. You'll know if you've unbent too far because either the phones will slide down or you lose bass. Here's an easy test: with a finger on each side, press the earcups harder onto your ears. If the bass doesn't get stronger as you press (the way it does with all open-air headphones), that's as good a seal as you need. I hated the little, square foam pads on the plastic sliders and quickly peeled them off. All they seem to do is create two pressure points on top of the head. Other phones with similar headbands (like the Koss SportaPro/PortaPro) don't use these pads, so I don't think they're really necessary. Better to let the headband rest directly on the scalp and distribute the pressure over the entire headband, and so far my suspicions seem to have been correct. It has been far more comfortable for me without the pads, especially after more than half an hour. In fact, without the pads, I barely feel the headband at all.

Overall, I'm satisified, especially at its low price point. I hope to use these for many years to come until either they break or something better comes along. By the way, don't be put off by comments about the warranty being invalid in the US and Canada. Read the whole warranty sheet! A separate section on the sheet covers a limited warranty for these countries, so yes, it is covered
