I installed this unit on my HP AMD 64 X2 with a 19-inch LCD monitor.  Installation was very straightforward, with no problems experienced.  The unit has two rows of power outlets - eight outlets total.  All are surge protected, but only one row has battery backup.  Each row includes an outlet that is offset to allow transformer power supplies to be connected and still accommodate use of the other outlets.  The unit also surge protects the incoming telephone line, and interacts well transparently my DSL service.

The unit comes with a USB connector cable that is used to transfer information between the unit and the computer.  Also included is "PowerChute Personal Edition" software.  This software replaces the UPS option used under the "Power" icon of Widow's XP Control Panel.  PowerChute PE allows user selection of alarms and power options to best fit the user's needs.  PowerChute PE automatically loads at computer startup, and resides as an icon on the right-side of the Window's task bar.  It monitors the unit's status, and provides information concerning abnormal power events that have occurred for future reference.

In order to assure that there is enough battery power for this unit to operate properly, I only attached the PC and monitor to the powered row of outlets.  Transformers seem to use a lot of power, and to gain the most time available for adequate shut-down times they should only be plugged into the "surge only" outlet row.

When A/C power fails, the unit immediately picks up the power load.  It will then begin to shut down the PC if A/C power does not become available shortly .  The default method it uses is to place the PC into "hibernation mode", saving the desktop exactly "as is" for future start-up.  It accomplished this task with my PC perfectly.

If I had wanted a UPS to keep my computer running for several minutes during an A/C power outage, this is not the unit I would have purchased.  However, to keep my system from re-booting due to the power being interrupted momentarily, or to shut down the PC safely should the power outage last longer, this is a cost-effective solution for those tasks.
