Pros: Perfect sound, solved resampling issues

Cons: famous popping/crackling noises makes it useless for gaming, especially in BF2 (which use OpenAL by Creative). Crystallizer is useless.

This card has the most advanced sound processor which does not work on at least 20% of high end systems, not only NVidia NForce 4 chipset, but also with other AMD and Intel CPU motherboards: see Google for "X-Fi popping/crackling".  Even if you do not have in game crackling immediately, you have a good chance to get it after any memory or HD upgrade or driver configuration change. For long time  Creative denied existence of this problem. Eventually it was recognized (see official CL forums) and a new driver (since November 2005!) was promised at the end of May 2006, but beta version published 05/30/06 did not solve my problem. In the case of old audigy 2 zs the problem was solved with unofficial "hacked" drivers. I suspect that X-Fi crackling is an architecture design flow, which cannot be completely solved at software level, because PCI bus cannot provide sufficient memory access for the "the fastest sound processor" simultaneously with high end graphic card, HD controller, and other devices. 

Bottom end: I have to stop playing games, or go back to low quality integrated sound. Do not take risk, wait for working drivers, or buy a working card from different manufacturer. With fixed drivers I would give this card 4 or 5 stars.

UPDATE 06/12/2006
I found that many desktop motherboards (MB) have really slow south bridge (south bridge is connecting PCI, USB, Firewire, and HD to CPU directly or through north bridge), especially MBs with NVidia chipsets (and even with some Intel MBs). New beta X-Fi driver and MB BIOS updates solved the problem in many cases (but not for my MB Asrock K8NF4G-SATA2, nVidia 6100 / 410 MCP chipset), but situation is still marginal and X-Fi might go unstable again. I contact CL customer service, they did not solved the problem, but pointed out that ATI chipsets (Athlon 64, ATI 200 or 3200) have no problems with X-Fi. I decided not to return SB to seller, but save it for a new computer with ATI based MB. I guess that majority of workstation class MBs with upscale south bridge and PCI-X (even NVidia based) also should be fine with X-Fi. The trouble is that majority of X-Fi buyers have generic NVidia based MBs like me. So I can give X-Fi two stars instead of 1 (but I cannot change the rating), and even more stars if it will work well in my new computer of after new driver release (if it will work)
