The reason I love this printer is because of its ease of use, and that's due to it's number one feature - TV output.  I've had a tendency in the past to neglect photo printing because once I get our pictures onto my computer, I want to fiddle with them endlessly to "improve" them before I print them out.  In the end I never do get around to it.  Now we'll come home from a day of photo shooting, look at our pics on the TV and print out the good ones - then I can touch up the photos that need it at my leisure.  And if I am too lazy to even do that, it's simple enough for someone else to take over, meaning it's much more likely to get done. It was great coming back from a Hawaiian vacation with my family and printing out pictures that day for them to take home!

This printer doesn't get 5 stars because of photo quality vs. cost of goods.  You can get the printing packs for half a buck per photo, but professional printing will cost less.  The photos from pros will usually look better too.  While this is a dye sublimation printer, it only uses three colors of ink, so better inkjets, dye-subs and professional prints will have better colors than this machine.  Based purely on tech specs this one should beat out most of the cheaper inkjets (including other stand alone photo printers in the same price range) but I haven't seen any side-by-side comparisons.  On the plus side, the Sony does "print" a transparent layer over the picture that'll keep it from fading for quite a while.  As for my personal opinion of the printouts (as a casual pic taker with a Canon SD500), I would give them an A-/B+.  The colors could be a bit more vibrant, but I have also been surprised by just how much they will pop in a good pic.  Ultimately however I feel that the convenience of having everyone sitting on the couch and picking out the photos they want through the television means the minor cost/quality issue becomes inconsequential, because without that convenience those pictures might never see the light of day in any form.

Overall I would recommend this unit to friends who do casual printing and want something that is very simple to use.  I've even considered sending one to my mother for Christmas.  While the interface as a whole is perhaps not quite as intuitive to use as an ipod, anyone who isn't scared by a cellphone or basic computer use should be able to handle it easily.  It's also flexible, taking a variety of card formats and providing different options for choosing the pictures you want to print - though I would be surprised if you ever used anything but the TV out.  And ultimately I think that anyone who gets it will be printing more photos than before. 

Finally, a couple of notes for those who decide to take the plunge.  Don't count on finding the 3.5x5 paper easily, I haven't seen it anywhere.  ALL of the 4x6 paper is "postcard paper" - I was a bit confused at first looking for "normal" 4x6 packs.  The paper has tear-off edges on the left and right - it's micro-perforated so you wont get any rough edges, but it's a bit of a pain to tear off without "fingerprinting" or creasing the photo.  Enjoy
