Best ever, I can tell...

My choice for a 9X12 format was a decision taken based on my traditional arts background, since I make oil paintings and traditional lineart drawing for concept arts, I use very much wide strokes by a combination with "wrist and arm wide motion".
So this tablet is well suited for this task not too much exagerated on size and not too small for the wide movements.
A 6x8 Wacom Tablet would be more restricted to me, but for those who like small area usage for drawing and painting this 9x12 has a digital adjust so you can work with it as a 6x8, but remember to have space on your desk, it's not a 'mouse pad' definitively, get a 19" monitor screen - flat it down on the table, that's almost the same space you gonna need.
By the way... for those thinking on something different from WACOM tablets... don't think! WACOM is the only one you can trust 100%, no doubts, I've tried many...
If you don't know wich wacom suits best for you, I suggest you go to www.wacom.com, they have a questionaire there to help you out, but it is simple: if you are a pro... get this Intuos3 or better Intuos available, that's the hardcore professional choice, if don't need much pressure sensitivity, and make 'lighter' work, go to the Graphire, and if you are a pro and want something to work with milimetrical accuracy like architecture or technical design get a Cintiq (this one is top expesive one).

Other application will work perfect with it too, like 3D software, I use XSI, Max, Maya, Zbrush(this one only with a WACOM please!), Modo and many other applications for composing and editing like Combustion and Premiere, it changes the way you work for a better productivity, believe-me.

Pen tilt is great with "Painter" software, what you maybe would take a day to finish you do in seconds literally, with a wrist sweep and tilting the pen you can create amazing effects in one second.

Also will reduce the stress on your hand and arm caused by the mouse, it will improve your life quality by not harming you like a mouse does when you get to many our on computer. Besides it has programmable buttons on it and a smart scroll, so you may use you mouse only for games after that.

Another important point - the USB cable is huge enough so you can work confortably away from your monitor screen with the tablet on your lap if wish so.

To finish: I love my 9x12 Wacom, if you buy it you will love it too, and give it the accessories so this babe will get happier *lol*
A travel bag, replacement tips (nibs) kit, and for sure if you can or need... buy other pen like the 6D art pen and the airbrush so you will make extraordinary artworks.

Hope this helps on your choice. Best regards!
Eduardo S. Janiszewski
CG Artist and Animato
