I was a little tentative to order the iTrip LCD because of some of the bad reviews I read.  It seems like there are very few people sitting on the fence with this item.  Buyers either love it or hate it.
  
I was leaving for a trip and hoped the iTrip would arrive so I could use it on my drive.  As luck would have it, it was in my mailbox the day before I left.  I unwrapped it and went out to the vehicle to test it.
  
I plugged it into my 20GB iPod photo and right off the bat thought I had trouble.  It wouldn't power up, I tried plugging and unplugging, cleaning the contacts and finally as a last resort, read the instructions.  After plugging it in you have to play the song before it will power on.  This immediately explains why so many poeple complain of DOAs right out of the box.
  
I set the frequency to the lowest available on the FM band and presto!!! instant music.  I don't live in an extremely populated area so I can't really comment on other stations bleeding through but loud passages are loud and quiet passages are quiet.  

Many reviewers complained of bad sound quality but you must remember this.  It doesn't matter how great the quality of the song is on your iPod, you are playing it over FM radio so it will never sound better than FM radio.

  I inherited my father's '91 Accord work car when he retired and it has a bare bones AM/FM radio with a tone control(bass AND treble all rolled into one handy knob!!!) and cheap 6 1/2 inch speakers in the front doors.  When I drive I like to listen to talk radio and podcasts and occasionally music.  The sound quality was exactly what I expected, no better and no worse.  

I also tested it in my wife's '01 Focus.  It has a nice factory 6 speaker CD system and the sound from the iPod was just fine.  The bass still thumped and the highs seemed just a tiny bit off but still not bad at all.  I am completely satisfied with the product.  

One strange thing that I noticed that may explain why some people complain of bad sound quality is if you tap on the iTrip, the sound comes through your speakers much like tapping on a microphone.  If you were to lay it on a hard surface in your vehicle you could probably hear it through your speakers when encountering rough road.  

Unless there was a defective batch sent out, I don't know where all of the complaints come from.  I got mine for $15 from a private seller on Amazon and consider it a great purchase especially for that amount of money. Don't hesitate to buy one, it works as advertised and the sound quality is what it is.  If you keep these things in mind, you won't be disappointed
