I needed a small system for my office.  I wanted removable speakers, good sound at all volumes and a sleek look.  This system filled that void.  I searched for about a month to get it, and there is nothing less than fantastic about this system, even the price.

In terms of sound, I can understand music at all volume levels (many cheaper systems distort at low levels) and at high volumes it sounds great.  I can't use it at high volumes now that I've taken it to work, but I am thinking about buying another for my living room at home (run the output of my family room stereo and I'll have a system that sounds good in both places for parties).

In terms of looks, this system is very cool.  I tried to downplay it by placing it behind my desk, on the shelf where I keep my food, so that people wouldn't question it (because small stereos are allowed but not everyone likes us having them).  Despite my attempts to blend it in, I've received several complements on the way that it looks.  Silver casing and a sleek design are just the basics, this system features a blue backlit display that looks great!

I thought that the "DVD" option in the stereo meant that you could play MP3s on DVD (a great idea for someone who wants to never have to change CDs), but in fact it meant that the system is a DVD player, and it has a video output to connect to your tv.  That's a nice plus.  I haven't tried the MP3 idea yet, so it may or may not support them.

The stock antenna is terrible, but so are most stereo antennas.  I'll buy a new one soon...  The other downside is that you can't switch between presets without the remote (you can change the station, but not using presets).  But with 30 FM presets, I'll never run out!  The only thing that wasn't obvious about the set-up is that the disk buttons (disk 1, disk 2, etc) on the stereo are the eject buttons, not the select buttons like most other stereos.  Overall, this is a great design for a great stereo.  I used to work at a radio station as the engineer and now I wish I had this back then because I could blast music in my office and really utilize the system the way it was meant to..
