I bought this stereo because of its relatively small size and stylish appearance and because it had aux inputs for me to hook up my mp3 player to it.  

The first unit I received would not turn on at all.  I contacted Philips' tech support, and their solution was for me to send the brand new defective stereo back to them at my expense.  Fortunately, Amazon has a very nice return policy, and I sent it back to them instead.  Amazon was also very nice in sending a replacement right away without waiting until they received the defective unit.

The replacement stereo arrived in short order, and I was immediately disappointed in the sound quality, which didn't seem as good as the 15 year old cassette player boombox that I was replacing.  After listening to the stereo for a few days and comparing it to a Sony CMT-NE3 bookshelf stereo that I own, here are my thoughts.

1. The FM reception is not as good as the CMT-NE3.  Both units have a thin wire type of antenna, and both wires are about the same length.  The Philips stereo, however, would hiss and crackle as I moved around the room - my body interfered with the reception.  This did not happen with the Sony stereo.

2. The sound quality is not as good as the CMT-NE3.  Playing the same song side-by-side on the two stereos, I found that the Philips stereo had a flat, tinny sound when compared to the CMT-NE3.  The Sony system had a much fuller and richer sound quality.  Also, there seemed to be significant distortion in the high-frequencies on the Philips stereo, making "S" sounds sound more like "H" sounds.  I also noticed an occasional crackle of distortion in the overall sound, possibly due to a bad connector on the aux input.

3. The ergonomics of the Philips stereo are not so good.  For one thing, the stereo will easily tip over forwards if accidentally bumped.  If that happens, the CD can get wedged in the CD tray and it becomes almost impossible to remove.  The electronically actuated CD door is much more likely to break than a passive mechanical door like the top-loading CMT-NE3.  The volume goes up to 31 or so, but 5 is about as loud as you would need it for regular listening.  This means that there are only 4 quieter volume levels, which is rather limiting.  Finally, the stereo is a bit bigger than I was expecting (though I could have looked more closely at the specs when buying it).

I am in the process of returning this stereo, and I will try to find a Sony system instead.  Unfortunately, Amazon no longer sells the CMT-NE3, which I bought just about a year ago.  I don't understand why electronics manufacturers feel the need to churn their product lines so rapidly.  Is there really that much innovation in bookshelf stereos?  The only difference between the Sony I bought last year and one I bought in 1989 is the ability to play MP3 CDs. 
