I have had this system for 9 monthis now, and I am sure this is the worst piece of AV equipment I have ever owned.  Sony is usually known for quality products, but it this case I am afraid they rested on their laurels and delivered a poorly designed and poorly manufactured piece of equipment to the market.

The worst part is that I have had numerous problems with it.  Occasionaly it fails to recognize CD/DVD inserted after you turn it off and back on.  On other occasions it completely locks up.  The first time it happened I had to call Sony customer support and find out the secret combination of buttons to press to unlock it. Now, after about 9 months of use, it has taken on a habit of completely shutting down with a message "PROTECT UNPLUG".   The only way to bring it back to life is to unplug it and plug it back in after a few minutes.  There is nothing wrong with my electric wiring -- I have checked, and the system is plugged into a fairly expensive surge protector/power conditioner.  I am not sure whether to go through the trouble of fixing it -- at this point it's just not worth it because of all the other things I despise about this system.  

First off, CDs and DVDs take forever to load.  To insert a disk one has to press an "Eject" button and then listen carefully for about two minutes while the system rearranges itself and lets you finally insert the disk.  If you missed your chance -- tough luck, start all over.  Second, it is a royal pain to use -- any configuration apart from the basic settings is as convoluted as it can possbly be.  On screen menus, a standard on most systems, now do not exist, and the manual is a joke. Third, the FM radio is awful.  I went out and spent money on an expensive FM antenna -- still, my cheap clock radio gets better reception.  Fourth, there are other annoying little things about this system which are too numerous to list in this review.  

Finally, I don't share people's opinion that the sound is all that great.  It's average.  Out-of-the-box it is way too heavy on bass.  The wireless feature is nice -- I admit, and that was the reason I bought it.  But I would not buy it again (or probably another piece of Sony equipment) in a million years now.  I could live with wires running around my room, or even just a two-speaker system rather than deal with this piece of junk. Shame on Sony for slapping their name on this lemon.   
