If you want a budget home theater system for under $200 there is probably not many systems better then the Sony HT-DDW700. This system is ideal for small rooms such as a bed room or a tiny living room.

Considering the price, sound quality is actually better then expected for me. The tiny cube speakers presents pretty good clarity. They may look like cheap computer speakers but they aren't and are a bit heavier then they look. The center channel may be a little underpowered since dialog during dvd movies sound a tad soft and a little too low. The surround effects during movies in dolby digital and dts are very good though.
If set up properly the speakers handle surround effects very well.

Some minor complaints is that the speaker wire attached to the speakers are very thin. They are fixed and can't be replaced. Also, if you want heart stopping bass then this system might not be for you. The 8" subwoofer is okay considering the price of the system. It is currently better then any other sub included in a home theater system under $200. It isn't powered, is very light (only 9 lbs) and you have to be pretty close to actually feel the bass. The volume would have to be cranked up extremely high for the sub to actually rattle your walls. 

The receiver comes with 1 optical and 1 coxial digital input and 4 rca analog inputs. It should be enough in most cases. An extra digtal input or two wouldn't hurt but again the system is under $200. Setup couldn't be easier. You just hook up the included microphone, place it at your listening postion and press a button on the remote. The system will automatically sets up the speaker distance, delay and volume levels. The receiver comes with the basic pro logic II music and move modes to upmix your stereo sources. It also has other sound fields and effects to enhace the sound but they don't really seem to enhance the sound by that much if at all.

Basically, if you want a home theater system for a small room and for under $200 then there isn't much better then the Sony HT-DDW70
