I purchased this television at a bricks-and-mortar store, on sale, for less money than the 32" LCD screen that I was considering. I was planning to place the TV on a stand, not the wall, and I do not need the incredible viewing angle of plasma, so there was no reason to spend the extra money for the truly-flat TV.

For comparison, I am moving from a 26" CRT HDTV to this unit. The size difference is amazing, but that is to be expected by gaining more screen real estate. What surprised me is that even on 480i or 480p broadcasts, the picture is markedly better on this set than on my previous CRT. I'm honestly not sure if it's because of the size difference again (larger = more detail shows?), or because of the TV itself, but it's great.

My only real complaint is that I cannot access an on-screen guide using the TV, as the CableCARD technology is only one-way at this point. However, I will not penalize the TV's rating because the CableCARD technology is immature; that's not this TV's fault.

I, for one, actually like the thought of changing a bulb every 12-24 months in my TV. Remember: the phosphor in CRTs and plasmas will lose the ability to glow over the years, and that can't be replaced. The backlight in standard LCD screens will lose brightness and go out over time, and that can cost hundreds or thousands of dollars to replace. However, this TV only has one component for which failure is expected: the bulb, which I can replace myself in five minutes for ~$200.

My last "pro" is the TV's weight. I moved my old CRT off of the TV stand, and almost killed my back doing so. I was able to lift this TV into place with almost no effort. The entire unit weighs about 60-65 pounds, and the weight is in all the right places. Even though it's light enough to lift with ease, Sony included one final touch that I am thankful for: rubber feet. I can scoot this TV on my stand without scratching the wood surface, and when trying to center a TV which is nearly 40" wide across the front, that's a good thing
