This review is a little long-winded, but I am going to share with you my experiences after burning hundreds of DVDs.  After all, many of us are archiving data / video we will want to be able to access for decades into the future and currently there are no other reviews for this product on the site.

I have used just about every type of recordable DVD media available and have concluded Fuji offers the best value.  I recommend you stick with the Fuji DVD-Rs made in Japan.  This is important since there are multiple manufacturers who make recordable DVDs for Fuji (not uncommon in the industry).  For the end user, the DVDs from the different manufacturers (all under the Fuji name) look nearly identical.  

You might want to take the time to Google and then download a free utility program named DVD Identifier.  You simply put your recordable DVD into your computer's DVD writer and DVD Identifier will tell you who actually manufactured the DVD (many of you might be surprised the brand name on the disc and the actual manufacturer are often different).   

For example, the Fuji DVDs made in Japan are made by Taiyo Yuden (one of - if not the most  - reputable manufacturers out there).  The Fuji DVDs made in Taiwan are made by an entirely different manufacturer.   Both the Japan and Taiwan Fuji DVDs look nearly identical in packaging and share a common proof of purchase code.  However, one set will note made in Japan under the proof of purchase code and the other set will note made in Taiwan under the proof of purchase code.  The other way to distinguish between the packages is the made in Japan DVDs will have the plastic spindle cover flush against the black spindle base.   The made in Taiwan DVDs will have the black base stick out slightly. 

I have heard some people say digital is digital and all DVDs are created equal.  This is not true.  You want to buy a DVD that is manufactured with quality.  You might save a few cents buying a cheaper DVD; however, you have to factor in bad burns and lost data.  With the cheapo DVDs, you will have more coasters and more DVDs that initially burn fine, but lose the data after a few months.  

In the past two years, I have burned over 1,000 of the made in Japan Fuji DVDs and have only six bad burns and have not yet experienced lost data from any of the hundreds of successful recordings.      

I use these Fuji DVDS more than any other brand.  I also use the Panasonic DVD-Rs (also manufactured by Taiyo Yuden) as well as unlabeled DVDs from an online wholesaler that are also manufactured by Taiyo Yuden.  The Fuji DVDs have an attractive silver color top, the Panasonics have an attractive gold color top.  The Panasonic DVDs are also much more expensive than the Fujis. 

In terms of compatibility, I have played the Fuji DVDs on over 20 different DVD players and have yet to find a player that does not play my video recorded on a Fuji DVD.

The 50 pack Fuji spindle regularly goes on sale for $20 at a variety of retailers.     
