This remote does its job well. I had eight remotes to control the gear in my living room, and this thing took the place of all of them. I no longer lose them in the couch or forget where I put them last...and it no longer takes me five minutes to set up just to watch a movie or listen to music. Macros allow one button press to turn on (or off) all required equipment and set them to the correct mode. The backlight is pleasant, I like the audio feedback of button presses, and the sheer size of the thing feels good in my hands and prevents misplacement.

That being said, this thing was a royal pain to get working properly right out of the box. This may be because I have some less mainstream A/V equipment, but the previous reviews do not exaggerate the PC program interface with its endless mouse clicking. Even the so-called "wizard" has multiple mouse clicks for one simple button, which can get very tedious if you have a remote with 40 buttons on it, like for a reciever. 

Here's a recommendation: skip through the initial wizard as fast as you can, then make a new profile and start out in advanced mode. Even if you go through the wizard, most of your time will probably be spent in advanced mode anyway, because you have to tweak alot buttons to get them working. This may save you much time and headache. This is also where you program macros, the shining star of this remote.

Software installation is straightforward. The interface, aside from the points mentioned above, is relatively simple. You can drag and drop components to pick the order you want them to show up on the screen. Everything is clearly labelled and easy to read. Macros are simple too, but only after you get the buttons working properly.

It took me a couple of hours to get it to do all Dish Network remote commands. After manually programming each button for the DVR, I had to make a macro to get to "My Recordings" with one button press, and it took a few tries to get it to do page up and page down when browsing the guide.

The remote itself has a nice finish, and weighs about like a largish paperback book in your hands. The touchscreen is large enough to poke at it without worrying about hitting the wrong button. The physical buttons are responsive and do not feel cheap or "clicky". After some use, fingerprints show up on the touchscreen, especially when eating popcorn. However, the display is bright enough when backlit that they aren't really a distraction. The menu tree is easy to learn and get used to as well.

This remote would get five stars if it weren't for the subpar PC interface and sparse documentation. The actual remote is fantastic however, and well worth the time and effort it takes to get it up and running. Just make sure you burn a CD with a copy of your profile once you get it going!
