I noticed there are several reviews on various products here, but this review is on the Panasonic DMR-ES10S (the S is for Silver).

I am not a technological wizard and impatient, so my husband set this up for me. I've had it about 5 months now and LOVE it. This is on the TV upstairs. I bought it because I was having trouble with our old RCA DVD recorder (unreliable), but that's another review.

Once setup it is complete, the unit is very easy to use. I read LOTS of reviews before buying and realized the cons that others had were not of concern to me, i.e. we don't have HDTV yet so 16:9 ratio not important. All I needed was something to record things from my TIVO unit and a DVR that could record on multiple DVD formats (DVD-R, +R, DVD RAM, etc.). 

Featues I Like:  I like the ample space the unit allows for actually typing in the name of the show (unlike the RCA which only let you have a few characters). I really use the Flexible Recording feature to exactly fit a movie or to fit lots of shows. I DID have to play around with this feature to figure out how to work it while recording multiple shows on one disk (manual wasn't useful with that part), but I use it all the time. The picture is really good, even with a 6 hour recording time, which I use for my decorating shows. The Change Thumbnail feature is also great. It allows you to select what picture displays when you browse through the programs. This is a wonderful feature that is important to me, esp with decorating shows, where I have the thumbnail be a feature of the room that I like. 

After reading some of the reviews here it seems my unit has A LOT of cool features which would be great for someone who is into electronics.  I am a basic girl, so I don't need a lot of bells and whistles. I just need it to do what I want without any hassles and without reading a 400-page manual. 

My only quibble is that some of the buttons on the remote are kind of small, even for my smaller female hands.

The RCA that I put on the TV downstairs is starting to mess up a lot now, so I will be purchasing a new unit. I've read reviews on the DMR-ES20, but since I am happy with this unit I am going to buy another one
