First of all, here are my computer specs:
Pentium 4 2.8 GHz/800 FSB
1 GB DDR2 RAM
2 SATA 7200 RPM hard drives: 80 GB (boot drive), 250 GB (movie drive)
Graphics card: ATI Radeon X300 PCIe 128mb
Sound card: SoundBlaster Live 24-bit
VCR: consumer-grade Sony SLV-N750

My DVD Xpress model number: USBAV-701 Rev. 2

My purpose: To archive old tapes to DVD.

Installation of the drivers/software was a quick and painless process. Within minutes, I was already capturing my very first video. This unit works very nicely with retail VHS tapes (I found that it does not respond to Macrovision, though I only tested one tape), home movies, and off-air master tapes (tapes that were recorded from television broadcasts). At first, I captured a short promotional music video at 8 Mb/s in a resolution of 720x480. This produced a video which was at least as good as the original tape. There are bars around the borders of the screen when viewed on a computer, but televisions have something called overscan which prevents all the extraneous stuff at the borders from being seen.

Then I captured a longer home movie, which clocked in at under two hours but would not fit on a single-layer DVD. My original bitrate of 8 Mb/s was too high, and the higher bitrate wasn't really helping the video quality too much. But if my bitrate is too low, the video will be of a poor quality when viewed on a TV. Perform a google search for "videohelp bitrate calculator" and click on the Videohelp bitrate calculator link. I use the calculator to figure out what bitrate I should capture in, according to the total time of all the programs I want to put on DVD. Below 7 Mb/s seems to be the cutoff point where more artifacts start to be seen during playback, but it's ultimately a personal choice based upon how you want to archive your movies.

After capturing this longer movie, I found the unit to be unresponsive and the bottom was extremely hot. Now, whenever I operate it, I point a small fan at it, and this seems to keep it cool and running well. But keeping the unit cool shouldn't be the user's responsibility, so it loses points for temperature.

While this device works well if the input video has a stable picture, a few of my tapes are of lower quality and have a lot of garbage in the picture from generational loss (being copied several times). I tried capturing one of these tapes, which was of a TV show from 1993, and the DVD Xpress did not handle it very well. The result had a lot of flickering images and was ultimately unsatisfactory. I am disappointed with this.

On the other hand, I have a tape that was recorded from TV in 1988. It is the master copy, so there is no generational loss. DVD Xpress was able to capture it just fine.

Not once during any of my captures did audio & video get out of sync, so credit where credit's due to ADS Tech for that.

After a few days of experimenting with this capture device, I definitely want to keep it. I look forward to finally being able to clean out my VHS closet.

My recommendations to other buyers: Understand your source, and you won't be disappointed. There is no way you can make your 10-20 year old tapes look pristine again. But if the video signal is strong and stable, the DVD Xpress should be able to capture it with no problems
